Tension:
1 - 4 - 2 - 8 - 5 - 7 - 1 

Relax:
1 - 7 - 5 - 8 - 2 - 4 - 1

1. The Reformer

Reformers are perfectionists. They want to be right. Reformers fear being bad, corrupt, or imbalanced. They need to be able to justify their actions, and they can easily become critical, judgmental, and self-righteous.

In the workplace, Reformers are efficient and organized. They like to finish what they start. You will often find them in law enforcement, management, and science careers. They may enjoy community service and humanitarian causes.

At their worst, Reformers are neurotic and unmercifully cruel in their fight against “evil,” however they choose define that.

At their best, Reformers are realistic, self-disciplined, and inspiring.

2. The Helper

Helpers want most of all to be loved. They are people-pleasers. In an effort to get love, they give it first, fully expecting love in return. This bargain remains assumed and unacknowledged until the issue is forced to the surface by the Helper’s growing resentment. No one but another Helper can match their giving nature, so they often feel used, surrounded by a world of heartless takers. This is when their personality can pivot toward vindictiveness.

While Helper characters can be women or men, in film they are almost always women, and sometimes they appear in the role of intimate villains. To paraphrase the playwright William Congreve, “Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.”

Male Helpers in movies are often portrayed as effeminate. Perhaps this is a reflection of our society, which seems to encourage Helper traits in women more than in men.

In the workplace, Helpers favor professions such as teaching, counseling, and nursing. Many executive assistants, receptionists, and sales people are Helpers.

At their worst, Helpers are possessive, manipulative victims.

At their best, Helpers are generous, caring, and insightful.

4. The Artist

Artists are individualistic, idealistic, and romantic. While they have great empathy for others, they fear losing their own identity, and are searching for their true selves. They express their feelings through beauty and creativity, and have a rich interior fantasy life. Warmhearted and intuitive, they yearn for true love. But they are prone to self-indulgence, addiction, and emotional breakdown.

Careers in the arts are a natural fit for this character type. However, Artists can be found supporting themselves in almost any mundane job, and can thrive in those jobs so long as their creativity is expressed in some area of their lives. Other likely careers include teaching and counseling.

At their worst, Artists are tormented, self-hating, and self-destructive.

At their best, Artists are creative, inspiring, and transformative.

5. The Observer

Observers want to appear competent and are afraid of looking foolish. They push themselves to master systems of knowledge. They are self-sufficient investigators and keen conceptualizers. Emotionally distant, they can seem cold and arrogant. Unwilling to descend from their ivory tower, they can be reclusive, eccentric, and schizophrenic.

In the workplace, they excel at intellectual pursuits, tending to thrive in scientific and technologically challenging fields. Their analytical skills make them great problem solvers. Independent thinkers, they prefer to work alone. Observers can become excellent writers and musicians.

At their worst, Observers are nihilistic, psychotic, and suicidal.

At their best, Observers are insightful, inventive, and wise.

7. The Adventurer

Adventurers seek excitement to avoid suffering. Happiness is their goal. The most extroverted type, they have a lust for life and are hungry for new experiences. This is an escape from their inner selves. But when they finally exhaust their manic resources, they find that they can no longer hide from their festering anxieties.

In their careers, they look for travel opportunities. Flight attendants, pilots, and outdoor photographers are typically Adventurers. They avoid repetitive jobs, and are often successful as entrepreneurs.

In their free time, they may be adrenaline junkies who flirt with danger by rock climbing, sky diving, or race car driving.

At their worst, Adventurers are impulsive, manic, and self-destructive.

At their best, Adventurers are fun-loving, spontaneous, and enthusiastic.

8. The Leader

Leaders are self-reliant and self-confident. They fear being controlled by others or by circumstances. They trust their gut, and can be impulsive. They are quick to assert themselves, sometimes trampling over others in the process. They may obsess over the acquisition and maintenance of power, ignoring their emotional needs in favor of conquest. They have a will to power, and can be ruthless, vengeful, and even sociopathic.

In the workplace, Leaders need autonomy. Many choose to be self-employed. Leaders are often entrepreneurs, executives, and lawyers. They thrive in positions of responsibility and authority, and love to tackle tough challenges.

At their worst, Leaders are controlling, domineering, and aggressive.

At their best, Leaders are confident, energetic, and protective.

