Tension:
3 - 9 - 6 - 3

Relax:
3 - 6 - 9 - 3

3. The Achiever

Achievers are go-getters and social climbers. Because they fear being worthless, they expend a great deal of energy to appear valuable to themselves and to others. Their lives are a public performance. Achievers are eager to impress, and so they look for ways to distinguish themselves. Ambitious status-seekers, they can be vain, superficial, and competitive. Prone to feelings of humiliation, they are intensely afraid of failure. Narcissism is quite common for this character type.

In the workplace, Achievers are drawn to business, law, banking, and politics. You will find them in any career that creates celebrities, such as broadcasting and the performing arts.

America has a very “type three” culture. The drive and industriousness of Achievers is highly regarded in the United States, where the self-made billionaire is a national fantasy. Achievers are very often the main characters in big-budget Hollywood movies, which tend to be produced by real-world Achievers.

At their worst, Achievers are deceitful, hostile, and psychopathic.

At their best, Achievers are optimistic, confident, and charitable.

6. The Loyal Skeptic

Loyal Skeptics need security and guidance. They often find this within an organization: working for the military, for the justice system, in the corporate world, or in an academic institution. Their sense of insecurity prods them to seek the approval of others. And yet, as skeptics, they test other people. Their distrusting nature can lead to paranoia.

This character type has two basic strategies for dealing with anxiety. Depending on which strategy they use, Loyal Skeptics fall into one of two subtypes:

•    phobic
•    counterphobic

The phobic subtype is outwardly anxious. They keep a low profile and turn to authority in order to ease their anxieties. They avoid confrontation because they fear abandonment.

The counterphobic subtype openly confronts their fears. They are rebellious, even bellicose. As anti-authoritarians, they tend to be self-employed. Their personality can resemble a type eight character, the Leader. The difference is that the confrontational style of Loyal Skeptics is mere bluster. They lack the inner confidence of a Leader. Instead, they attack others to hide their own weakness.

At their worst, Loyal Skeptics are controlling, defensive, testy, and unpredictable.

At their best, Loyal Skeptics are responsible, practical, and compassionate.

9. The Diplomat

Diplomats avoid conflict. They can see the world from another person’s point of view. This bridges interpersonal differences, and improves communication and understanding. But in mirroring someone else, Diplomats may lose themselves.

In the workplace, they are drawn to the helping professions. They make great mediators and counselors. They function well in bureaucracies.

At their worst, Diplomats are judgmental, stubborn, and passive-aggressive.

At their best, Diplomats are peaceful, generous, and empathetic.