# Dragon Hunting

Stalking prey was always the fun part of the hunt.  Nox creeped silently through the trees surrounding Apache Peak.  He'd been here for two weeks sleeping under the stars in the cool spring air.  Snow thankfully was not threatening the mountain today.  Camping and hiking in the snow was a cold and wet affair, but dragons didn't care too much about the weather.  And this particular dragon was pesky.  He'd been tracking her for the better part of the week.

She was supposedly a gorgeous specimen of the dragon in her natural form, black and gold scales, actually gold scales and Nox beleived obsidan for the black ones.  Her human form was grand by human standards, her dark black skin was only highlighted by her gold blonde strands of hair.  Nox had found the woman, her name Naomi at the time, in a bar just outside of Boulder at a little pub with no name on the building.  The locals never enlightened him to the name, and it didn't really matter.

Nox had been having a beer when he noticed the shimmering woman walk into the room.  She didn't shimmer to anyone else, but the patterns around her fluxed and waned as she moved, Nox could almost see the dragon form a pattern behind her with each step she took.  He smiled as she sat down at the bar to his left only a seat away.

She looked at him, this tall lanky kid sitting at the bar, he never looked the part as he put the brown bottle to his lips and turned to face her as she eyed him.  Her reaction was priceless as she no doubt spied the pair of cross swords inked across his right temple.  She blinked at him, forgetting to be human, the eyelids closed sideways before reopening.  Her golden eyes looked like high end contacts but there was no way to replicate them precisely.  Her voice was cold and sharp, "How did you find me, feras?"

Nox smiled, "Feras? savage thing? I'm not the one robbing banks."

She blinked again as a man with a child walked into the bar, "Naomi?  What's taking so long?  Drake is crying."  Nox turned to see a white man holding a crying child with the same golden hair of Naomi, his dragon lady.  Crap!

She snarled at Nox, everything happened too fast he barely had time to react, to draw shields of air in front of the woman in front of him. But it hadn't mattered really there was no flames erupting from the mere human mouth.  He was not going to be fooled by that more than once.  In human form, a dragon could still breathe fire rather well.  Nox had an ugly scar running his left leg from such an encounter before.  No one had properly recorded that feat in all the years there were hunters, probably stemming from the fact that dragon fire was the worst way to die.  Nox probably would have been dead as well if he weren't not Cesari.  His ability to bend all four elements at the same time had come in handy that day.  Not only did he put the fire out but managed to wrap the dragon in bonds of air before she changed form and took flight.

Naomi didn't breathe fire, she only snapped at him and Nox fell backwards on his bar stool at the sudden reflexive action as she ran out the door yelling "Gordon run!  He's Venatori!"

So much for surprise as Nox ran out behind them, but they'd taken off in their car and were away before he could catch their liscence plate.  It hardly mattered.  He'd find her again.  He always did.

Nox went back inside and paid for his beer and started in the direction they had fled.  The thing about dragons,  they never stray far from their horde, so if she was here, then she wasn't far from home.  He'd definately find her.  And that was why Nox was not hiking in the mountains around Apache Peak, he'd found her hole in the ground dwelling full of things he couldn't imagine were worth much, but a dragon's horde wasn't always what humans would value or even Venatori.

He'd found the man Gordon and the child in the hole, they'd been asleep when she ran.  He was human, he was besotted with the woman form.  He begged for his life though.  Nox smiled as he left, he'd not touched a hair on either head.  He wasn't exactly in the business of killing innocent folks.  He did however wrap the man up in bonds of air with only the mobility to tend to the child.  Nox had dropped the diaper bag at his feet well with in reach.  He would be back later for them.  If Gordon had been party to the roberies then he'd be prosecuted as human, Venatori don't meddle in the affairs of man unless completely necessary.  Robbing banks was not necessary.  However the child would be taken from him, he was half dragon.  It was likely the child would be given to children services anyway, and they'd take him into the Venatori.  Parentage was important in the Venatori, and they'd scoop up any advantage they had, even if that meant adding human or dragon to the blood line to get something far more powerful.  

Nox laughed at his own thought, that's exactly what had happened to him. Half human, half venatori, but the strongest cesari in known history and he was just a lowly minorem slated to sterlization up until he was ten years old when he showed them he was well worth keeping intact.  How very fortunate for him, Nox thought sarcastically.

A twig snapped in front of him and Nox's senses spread out.  There were many traits to being Venatori, sadly Nox lacked all of them but two - exceptional senses and the ability to heal quickly.  For which he was eternally grateful for, they had both saved his life more than once.  What he wouldn't give for the strength or speed or the agility of a full blodded Venatori, but what he lacked in their power he made up for with his bending.  

Nox caught a blur of motion out of the corner of his eye as Naomi tried to come at him from behind.  Nox wove a pattern of air around him that would deflect the burning flame of the dragon lady if she decided he was best served barbequed.

He turned just in time to see her crash into the wall of invisible air.  He smiled at her from the relative safety of his new bubble.  She scratched and clawed at the bubble of air with fingers that were scaled and gold and black and the sound they made on the air reminded Nox of someone scratching their nails on a chalk board, it sent shivers down his spine he couldn't help.

It had taken Nox years to master his own faster than human senses.  With a true venatori it was a simple matter of moving to match those enahanced reflexes, but Nox couldn't move fast enough, he had to learn to think faster and use his ability to create the needed reactions.  It had taken years to perfect, but his ability to defend himself was second nature.  Probably from all the bullies in the academy.  He'd learned quickly he was never going to be as fast as they were, as strong as they were but he had his ability and he could defend himself without getting in trouble.

The wall started to give way as her nails cut through the thin fibers that were air, she hadn't known it but he'd been preparing for that exact moment.  He formed a pattern of solid rock in front of him, waiting for the precise moment to let it lose and make the pattern stable enough to do actual damage, for now the pattern was just that a bunch of atoms and particlas floating, waiting for the correct pressure and manipulation to become reality.  

When the wall of air crumpled upon itself Nox reacted, the ball becoming soild and flying towards the dragon lady as she leapt forward.  Her balance was shaken as she flew backwards before landing on her back.  She scrambled quickly to her feet, or tried to as Nox wrapped her in bonds of air much like she had her human counter part.  He wasn't in the business of killing supernatural creatures either.  He could under his given right as a Venatori kill the creature who broke human law, but he didn't feel that necessary, and she had a child, he couldn't with good conscious kill the child's parent, the only one of the two that could help the child through its torturous life as a hybrid.  He could have only dreamed of such a kindness from his own parents.  But that was a thought for neither here or there.  He had to drag the dragon lady and her brood back to HQ, it was not going to be a fun trek back.  But thankfully he could go home now, sleep in his own bed.