# About a Son

Family was important to Kai.  He wasn't the best father in the world, though sometimes his children had given him 'worlds best dad' mugs or t-shirts and things for Father's Day.  But he didn't beleive for one moment that they truly thought he couldn't be better.  He was their father, the only one they'd ever have, despite the fact that there were always multiple father figures in their lives, save one.  The one he'd just left.  

He hadn't know about the boy.  He hadn't been with his mother for long.  Ever since he was told of Nox's existance he thought back to those few months hunting a vampire in the mountains.  It was a nothing job.  Just something to pass the time.  This particular set of vamps had been hitch hiking their way from New York to California and were eventually going to head back to the City that never sleeps.  It was a cult of sorts.  This kiss of vampires.  

They'd been doing it for years, back and forth, back and forth every year for decades.  They might take a life here or there, but never this many.  It seemed everywhere they went there was a dead truck driver completely drained of blood.  The local medias were picking up on the fact that there was no blood anywhere.  And the police were starting to hit their target regions.  Usually vamps had better sense.  But this bunch was following someone knew, someone younger.  Whatever had happened to their old leader was beyond Kai, but it really wasn't of any concern if vamps killed vamps.  It was the way of life.

Kai had set out to track them, found himself in Boulder where he'd met Nox's mother.  The vamps were in town for a while, which lead him to stay a while at the mountain view compound.  It really was a change from the normal.  Where the compound in New York City was a skyscrapper that housed not only the compound but several human facilities, the boulder facility was an entire town in the middle of no where.  The area was heavily forested, the cabins built of wood.  He'd meet Leeana at the local pub.  He hadn't realized she was a venatori agent until she took him home that night. 

Kai vaguely remembered the sex.  He vaguely remembered sticking around while he hunted the vamps.  It was better than staying in some single room guest residence.  They were always poorly kept, at least at Leeana's he got a hot meal cooked for him, and a warm bed to sleep in when he came home.  She'd thought it was more of course, but when the vamps finally showed signs of moving on Kai left.  

Safety with a human woman was of paramount importance and Kai was always careful, but apparently with this one he hadn't been.  Leeana had registered a pregnancy with the their infirmary 2 weeks after he'd left.  Kai had met Nicholas mother much the same way, except he'd killed the vamps and was at home, she was a newly adult Venatori and was looking for her mate, Kai was more than happy to oblige in the fathering of another child as long as she agreed to his terms, which she did and he had 2 boys born with in three months of each other.  

It amazed Kai how much they were alike and how dissimilar they were as well.  Nick was quiet and mostly to himself, but as soon as he had realized where his orientation lie he flitted from boy to boy, never really landing anywhere, probably because Nick knew his father disapproved.  Hell, his mother disapproved and regularly told him so.

And then Nox, like Nick he flaunted what he was as soon as he came into his sexuality.  Both flitting from lover to lover.  The rumors alone made Kai wonder how many bad rumors floated around about his own flitting from woman to woman.  None of the other children, well except Adam, he was not a man to sit with one woman well either.  Three of his six children were too much like him in that respect.  Iris, Tobias and Marius thankfully were settled indivicuals.  It wasn't upbringing that's for certain.  Iris and Adam were from the same mother and raised in nearly the same manner.  Girl versus boy perhaps was the difference, but none of the others had the same mother and Kai was usually the harsher parent.  And Nox didn't have parents to set an example for him.

Sure he had his mother, who basically disowned him.  But had Kai known about him from the start, the boy would be different.  The loud obnoxious behavior, the flirting with danger, jumping from buildings - none of that would have been tolerated.  Though he had to think Dae'lin didn't agree to it either, but he still did it.  Dae'lin was nearly as bad as he was in terms of stricktness.

She required the boy to maintain an A average, and he had despite his truggles with school and his valiant attempt to bring his grades down at the end of his final year of school to avoid becoming solutatorian and have to give a speech.  From Dorian's reports, he'd proven he knew the material, while still gaining exactly a 75 in every exam he took.  Dorian had explained it once upon a time, his knack for puzzles.  He wanted to bring his average down.  C's would do that.  He anwered the hardest questions leaving the easy one's blank.  Not wrong - blank.  It was diliberate every other question was right.  Calculated risk.  The boy was good at, he'd proven it again in the testing room when he disarmed that bomb, first examing the problem, and recreating the patterns to fix it, then untying it like it was a neat little package.  Almost like it was meant to do that.  The threat inside to be found and read.  

It made Kai wonder if that had been the goal for Nick as well.  The bomber having thought everyone saw things one way, didn't understand that not everyone did.  It was someone young, probably Cesari, he wasn't sure about Dorian's theory about untrained, or Nox's on the revenge angle, but he was leaning their direction more and more.

There was a lot of things that he regretted in life, one of those was not knowing the son that Nox could have been.  Now they both had made mistakes and the tension was high.  Kai wasn't sure how any of it was going to come around, but he hoped that it would.

Kai pulled out the file that Dorian had given him the day before Nox's Ad Aetatem and started rereading the man's opinions and the details of his son's life.  He fell asleep reading the hand written notes.

