# Contracts
Nox left Kai's hosipital room feeling less alone than he had when he came back to the compound. He'd grown up here. He'd been taught how to be Venatori, what it meant to be what he was destined to be, as that was what all Venatori were - they were destined to be hunters but more to the point judge, jury and executioner of supernatural creatures who broke the law. What law didn't matter, human or supernatural law. It made Nox wonder who created these things. Was there some god on high some being that said this is how it should be? Who gave them the right? Someone did have to police things, but the whole concept of morality seemed lost upon the Venatori. Nox was too human in his views, he'd been told that so many times. 'Oh your half human, you don't understand.'

That was his life, and now the life of whatever children he was predetermined to have lie in the envelope that he held firmly in his hand. Kai had used up favors on his behalf to get this document. Nox wondered what he'd done to earn those favors, and why he decided to use them on his lowly half human son. It wasn't pity and Nox didn't think it had anything to do with past wrongs. Kai didn't seem overly apologetic about his actions, and honestly Nox didn't blame him any for the past, it was everyone's fault and they were only part of the problem.

Nox wandered the compound halls for about an hour, the object was to refamiliarize himself with the nooks and crannies of his childhood. He found himself on the roof alone. It had been a symbol of his freedom, his rebellion from all things that he'd gone through during his life. The ability to jump, to defeat things he could, to defeat the fear that plagued his existance. It was a small freedom. That it became a cult of personalities was sad for him, but it was bound to happen. It was esoteric and only a few dared do it. People like Skylar and Van who'd idolized his jumps, people who he hadn't even known existed before the other night. Nox had walked in a fog most of his life, he was starting to come out of it now. Drawn out by people, and some of those people were the reason he was in that fog to begin with.

Nox sat and stared out into nothingness for countless minutes before he pulled out the contract his father had put together, the contract that determined everything about the next few years of his life, his duty to the Venatori. Nox had an urge to tear it up, but it really wouldn't solve matters. He hated the idea of progeny for anything other than love, but this was the Venatori. He would do his duty, get it over with and love his children - love them like his father loved his.

Nox read through the contract. There were quite a few changes to what he and Dae'lin had discussed. He read it front to cover three times. Each time looking for a loop hole or anything that would null and void this document. He was okay with sleeping with Dae'lin. He expected that much. The conception and verification of her first child would grant her privledge of marriage to Jerry. Dae'lin would retain her half custody of the children, as if they had been divorced, the first heir to her line, and the second Nox's both to be raised by Nox. Typical resolution, the only change there had been that if the children were unworthy of the Venatori line they would become Scrin and steralization would be nixed. The children from then on out would follow the Scrin line. That made him happy.

It was the rest that made Nox wonder what Kai thought he was doing. Why he was doing it. A second woman was added to Nox's program - a Scrin - specifically one Anabell Dowager - the woman that Dorian was slated to be forced to consumate with. It, if Dorian signed, would fall to Nox to fill the duty. Which was fine and all but why Kai he would do that he wasn't sure. He would do anything to let Dorian forgo that unseeming torture. To be with someone who has no appeal was as bad as sleep depreviation techniques. The first hers, the second Nox's, again to be raised by Nox. Both of these children slated to be Scrin regardless of their parentage.

And yet there was more. Dorian's own progeny were dictated in his agreement, his compesnation so to speak. A donor egg, and a surrogate mother provided with chairtiable intentions by his father for Dorian's own line. But that wasn't the biggest change either. Nox had to read that section several times. If all parties agreed - Dorian and Nox - a cohabitation clause was added, it allowed the two families to be housed together in a much larger 'estate' than they would alone. Which given that there were five children between the two of them that was a good thing, but Kai was forcing Nox and Dorian together, in an effort to what?

Nox wanted more, but this, this was way beyond what he thought he could handle so soon. Nox folded the document and put it back in the envelope only then noticing a hand written note was also added to the fray.

Nox pulled it out and unfolded the lined paper, reminscent of his time in school. A barely legible print scrawled across the paper.

****

Nox,

I know I've made some presumptions. It is not to dictate your life. Only to make your children's life better than your own. I know you and Dorian are only in the beginnings of whatever relationship the two of you forsee. I do not expect you to love Dorian. This is a union of betterment. A part of the breeding program. You know the damange of no parents. A single parent is much the same, you cannot be both favored and hated at the same time, one needs to be present for either side, even if you are both hated or favored at the same time. A shared burden. I don't mean to proclude other relationships. You and Dorian can choose to be only friends, and this agreement to remain intact. Both raising the children. Being both mother and father. Being what the child's other parent cannot be for whatever reasons.

I know you will be a better parent than yours were to you. But know I will be the best grandfather I can to your children, to make up for the lack of being there for you as a child.

Your Father, Kai.

****

There was so many things to think on, to much to consider and contimplate. There was only one thing Nox could thing to do to clear his mind.

Nox cast privacy blocks down the alley entrances as he tucked the contract into his pocket. He walked to the edge of the gravel laden roof and looked over the edge, he could feel the blood leaving his face, the height was dizzing. It still amazed him that he could do this without issue. At least without being crippled by it anymore. He climbed up on to the ledge and turned his back to the drop. He wrapped himself in wings of air and sent the ground into a state of mush before he even leaned backwards and let the pull of gravity take him down. The air whipping by his ears, sang its sweet song as his breath left his lungs. It was 8 seconds of pure bliss. There was no worries, no monsters to kill, no contracts to sign, this was his moment, his 8 seconds.