# Prologue

_Thrusday, May 26, 2011_

Tomorrow is my Ad Aetatem, a stupid right of passage that says I'm fit to be
Venatori. I am a half human living in a community full of super strong, super
fast supernatural beings. As if the odds weren't already stacked against me. I
now have to prove to them that I'm worthy of being like them. The only saving
grace is that everyone has to do it. It's like human graduation ceremony except
bloodier and far more terrifying. At least for me.

But first, Dae'lin and Dorian arranged for me to have dinner with my mother and
my father. Who, by the way, I just found out about. He's been living in the same
compound my entire life and they just now tell me, "Oh hey, by the way, your
father is Kai Viddens." Of course, it had to be him. The man was far more anal
about things than even Dorian was, and that was saying a lot. I am so not
looking forward to sitting down at some fancy restaurant to eat with a pair of
complete strangers.

The last time I saw Leanna Sétana she was prying me from her leg as I sobbed
into her jeans not wanting to leave. I was five. Who the hell spits on a child
they loved, but that was what she did. All because I was Magnus. Who knew
catching a curtain on fire with some unknown gift would make one's mother hate
you. Ms. Silverman, Margo, my therapist, says that she didn't hate me, she
feared me. Whatever.

My mother never came to any visitations over the years. She never came to see
any competitions. She sure as hell didn't want to be part of my Ad Aetatem, but
the rules were the rules and the Venatori life had so many damn rules. So
tonight I get to sit with her and listen to whatever drivel spews from her
mouth. I pray she doesn't start spouting praise from the depths of her dark
little heart. A mother who hates her child.

Funny thing about my supposed father, he's sort of an idol of all future
venatori. All hunters look up to him. His ability to predict the best course of
action before you make the first move seems to put him on top of the entire
game. Kai Viddens is like a god to the kids vying to be hunters. I looked up to
him. Not sure what changed between the ticks of a clock, but the man just rubs
me the wrong way. I'm sure it has a lot to do with the fact that he didn't care
to know me. I've been sitting her for 13 years and this is the first time he's
going to see me. What did I do that was so horrible? I hate my own insecurities.
The idea that I need someone is asinine. I can take care of myself, I have for
years. I don't need a family.

The alarm on my phone goes off, I'm having a hard time getting moving as this is
the third time I've swiped it into snooze mode. I don't want to walk down the
two flights of stairs to the common area to meet my mother. Dorian insisted that
I walk with her to the restaurant, something about not letting a lady walk the
streets of New York alone. Like women don't do that every day. And she's
venatori, she could wipe the floor with any would-be mugger, human or not -
training was training.

Earlier both Dae'lin and Dorian handed me cash. Told me to be the good son and
pay for the meal. I'm pretty sure my mother would expect that anyway - expecting
the Venatori to pay her way. I don't have high expectations from my mother. I'm
not looking forward to this reunion at all.

With a sigh, I grab my leather jacket and I head out the door of the small room
I share with my roommates. Thank god they are all off in the cafeteria for their
own dinner. Though having Jace around wouldn't have been horrible. At least I
didn't have to sit through his critique of my attire. I can hear him now, "All
black, you going to a funeral." I know I'd reply, "Yeah, my own." Which I'm sure
would get a laugh out of him.

This was going to be hell. I could take the elevator, but I'd rather not be
sweating bullets before I have to be around other people. No matter how many
times I jump from the building. No matter how many times I ride that damned
plate glass elevator I still feel my skin crawl with fear. I'll never get over
it, Margo says I'll overcome it when I get over everything else. Ain't happened
yet, so I suppose I have a whole lot more to work on. I'm okay with that, I
think.

The stairwell is empty, it's always empty when everyone is busy in one place or
another. Two flights down, my mother awaits, probably been waiting for a good
ten minutes. Dae'lin told her I'd be down at precisely 7:30 PM. Nope. I'm not,
it's 7:35 and I'm just now walking down the stairs, taking my sweet little time.
I'm not in a rush. I have no desire to go and if I'm late maybe she'll leave
without me.

I get downstairs to Dae'lin's office and she's pacing back and forth. I can see
her little brown head bob back and forth through the top half of her door. I
sigh and knock on her door. She whisks open the door and flies into hysterics
the moment she's got the door open. "Where have you been? I thought you'd left
without your mother." Dae'lin starts pacing once again. The patterns oscillate
around her and the room starts to get warm, she's agitated and her magic is
fluctuating with it. She has such rudimentary control over her ability it
surprises me time and time again how she even got past her Adept training. But
then everyone I know has such poor control over their gift, it's like they want
to sever their hand from their arm and put a hook in its place.

"You mean she's not here yet?" I don't care either way. The world would go on if
she left me here to my fate. I could join Jace in the cafeteria for one last
hurrah. I'm sure he's having a blast mocking the younger kids while everyone
laughs with him. The good ole' southern boy who's friends with the outcast. They
think it's out of pity, but Jace is a true friend despite the rumors that run
around us.

Ten minutes after I've arrived an older woman steps out of the elevator wearing
a near see through dress in pink chiffon. Her makeup is poor and she looks like
she's trying to be 20 again. It has to be my mother. As she got closer I see the
tale-tell signs of my breeding. The long strong nose and the fingers to match,
like my own. She was smiling up until the point that she saw me. I smirk in
response to her smile turning upside down. She must hate me for that reaction. I
refrain from rolling my eyes, Dae'lin would have my head in a hand basket if she
caught me disrespecting my elders.

My mother stood in front of me, all her 5 foot 6 inches, and completely ignored
me. Dae'lin wrapped my mother in a hug, "It's so very nice to meet you Ms.
Sétana."

"Please, Leanna. You have been such a wonderful host. Thank you for setting up
this meeting for my son. I look forward to getting to know him." Lies! All lies!
I could hear it in her voice. I could feel it in the way she looked at me from
the corner of her eye. This was a woman who wanted nothing at all to do with her
son.

"We'll be late Dae'lin. And late is never good." I said with a grin plastered on
my face to cover my disgust at the falsehoods I was hearing.

Dae'lin nodded and glared at me as she held up one finger to reprimand me. She
said nothing but I knew what she meant. "Behave. Be good! And don't make me look
like a fool."

I grinned at her with all my teeth showing and leaned down and kissed the woman
on the cheek. "But, of course, mad'am." I bent over and waved my hand in a
flourishing bow in mockery of my words.

Dae'lin punched me in the shoulder. "Behave!" I couldn't help but give a true
smile in response. I had no intentions of misbehaving this close to getting out
of this place. And as long as I kept still and kept my damn mouth shut this
should be a piece of cake. Except that both of those things will be hard to do.
Sitting still was impossible. Particularly, while a tattoo artist etched a pair
of crossed swords in black on my right temple with a fucking needle for all
eternity. Just the thought of it makes my body quake with fear.

Dae'lin patted my back and gave me a little shove, I'm sure she saw the fear in
my eyes and was trying to comfort me without words. I smiled, though I'm sure it
didn't reach my eyes, none of this was anything that made me happy in the
slightest. I put my arm around my mother's shoulder. In my most upbeat voice
hiding all the fear and other emotions running through my mind and body, "Let's
go. We don't want to keep him waiting."

Once inside the elevator and away from Dae'lin's prying gaze my mother threw my
arm from her shoulder. I was lucky she didn't smack my hand against the plate
glass window and crack it. I was doing my best to fight the fear and the bile
that rose in the pit of my stomach as I watched the floor of the lobby below
grow closer and closer. Down was easier than up, but still it was a daunting
feat even now.

I kept my eyes locked on the statue that stood in the middle of the lobby. I'd
created that. I was proud of that fact. There was even a little brass plate with
engravings on it that said 'Created by Nox Sétana April 15, 2003'. It was a day
that changed my life forever.

It was the day I said to the world look at me, I'm Cesari - a rare child that
could bend the four elements at the same time. Dae'lin and many others could
bend all four elements, but they couldn't bend water and fire at the same time.
I'd proven that day at the age of 10 that I could bend not two or three at a
time, but all four at one time. A feat few had mastered and here I was flaunting
my ability at the age of 10. I didn't know what it meant as I formed the statue
in the lobby. Constructing it from nothing except a few seeds I'd stolen from
the greenhouse on the roof.

It was my pride and joy. And to think that Dae'lin made me make an art project
that year instead of the classic weapon I usually envisioned. I was venatori, it
was in my blood and everyone knew it. But that year I became one of the most
powerful students in the academy and everyone's dislike of me grew. The
improbability of my entire existence was a bane on my life. I was not only
Cesari. I was minorem - half human. And to make that even worse I was the rarest
of the rare. My human mother survived my birth whereas most women and babies die
long before labor. Those that survive that, the mother's die during the birthing
process. I was improbable and I hated it.

A normal child with a normal parent who they'd not seen in years might have
started blathering on about their pride and joy, but not me. I stood there
listening to the enlightening music of Elton John as he sang about Princess
Diana. It was such a sad song and it fit my mood rather well.

"That's a beautiful statue." My mother commented and I couldn't help but smile
at the compliment. I should have said something, but saying something could make
her reject the object that had great meaning to me. Maybe it was rebellion,
letting my mother like something that was mine. Maybe it was something else, but
I only nodded with a lump in my throat as pride welled up inside me.

We walked in utter silence to the restaurant. She'd said fancy, and it was not
fancy. It was some fish mart a few blocks away from the docks. I'd eaten there
before. The place did not call for the black dress pants and shirt I'd chosen to
wear on my long frame. Things that needed tailoring to my body because I was too
thin for my height. The blood red tie made me look the fool in such a place, I
pulled the tight knot down the length and unbutton the top two buttons. I felt
much more comfortable than I had moments before.

My mother turned to me and reached up and started to adjust my tie like I was
some child. I pulled away from her with disgust written all over my face. But
before I could say anything she turned with a fake smile. Her attention drawn to
a man approaching us.

I knew the man, of course I did, he was an idol of sorts. His tall frame was
much better built than mine. His clothes looked like they fit off the rack and I
couldn't help but fight with the jealousy that lingered inside. Kai Viddens wore
a pair of jeans and a t-shirt underneath a blazer. He'd dressed for the place.
Seething with envy I offered him my hand with a grin to cover my emotions.

My father didn't take my hand. Anger fought it's way to the surface and I had to
stamp it down with a smile on my face. Dae'lin would be angry. I would
disappoint Dorian. I could find myself stuck in this hole for another year
waiting for another chance. No, I have to behave, I have to be the good little
son. Be the soldier the Venatori wanted. I could endure this torture.

We took our seats. A cute little blonde came to our table. I grinned at her,
forgetting all about everything and everyone I was in a bad mood over. Sarah, I
think her name was. I'd seen her before, at a rave or two, maybe it was at
Gregory's place. She was polite and smiled at me as she spoke "My name is Sarah.
I'll be your waitress this evening. Can I get you anything to drink?"

Grining up at her I licked my bottom lip without really thinking about it, I
definitely remembered her, "Hi Sarah. I'll have a water." She scribbled on her
pad and looked to the others. Why she had to write down water was such a
curiosity, forgetful much?

My father ordered a glass of the finest wine and my mother echoed him in
response, there goes every drop of my money. Finest red in a shithole like this?
I had to stop from rolling my eyes. I had to be on my best behavior, it was like
there were eyes watching me from all over. But I knew better than that. Dae'lin
trusted me now, trusted I wouldn't let her down. And I'd live up to that
expectation at least one more time before I graduated.

The menu was annoying. Everything in the price column said "at market value",
everything was about to cost an arm and a leg. Why couldn't they have gone to
Little Italy and gotten something at the same price but a far better value? This
whole evening was going to hell and back and there was nothing I could do about
it.

My mother started jabbering at Kai - remember this? remember that? Oh, those
were the good ole' days. Please, this was about me, but my father was ignoring
her as well. But she kept on running her trap like she mattered. Like either one
of her table companions gave a flying fuck what she had to say.

As it turned out I didn't have to even look at the menu because as Sarah came
back to the table with our drinks Kai ordered for all of us. Fried fucking food.
My stomach would pay for the grease later if I ate any of it. Why? I wanted to
drown my sorrows in that glass of wine, but Dae'lin would skin me alive if she
ever caught me drinking. I'm rather surprised I made it to 18 with Dae'lin
threatening my life all the time. The thought made me smile.

Out of the corner of my eye, I caught a familiar face. The bus boy was a friend,
well a little more than a friend. But nothing serious. He turned and saw me and
I smiled at him with a wink, his smile was worth every bit of discomfort that my
mother squirmed with as she watched us out of the corner of her eye. Michael
skirted our table brushing his leg against my arm. I didn't dare respond, but
Michael continued to flirt and make my mother squirm every time. It was part of
the joy of flaunting your sexuality be it with a boy or a girl in front of
someone it made uncomfortable. Michael knew I enjoyed tormenting them. It didn't
seem to bother my father which was sad in its own way.

My mother soon forgot about my flirting and started her own back up with my
father. She pokes flowery words at Kai. How she'd missed him. How they could
have been happy. How this and how that. It was making me nauseous just listening
to it. I pretended to listen, to care, just as Dae'lin would want. My mother
never even glanced in my direction. Sarah walked past and I'd smile. Michael was
working this section with excess and we tossed winks and small smiles back and
forth. At least it kept me from stabbing my fork in my ears from listening to my
mother drone on and on.

Michael had been so busy flirting that he tipped over his tray. It was an
instantaneous reaction. A reflex when I wove a pattern of air and was on my feet
before the platter tipped from his grasp. I put my hand on the tray and the
other at the small of Michael's back to steady him. He thanked me with a huge
smile and I nodded in return. I looked up and saw Kai was looking at us with a
nod, "Nice catch."

I couldn't help the natural reaction to beam with pride. It was on me before I
could fight it as I grinned at my father with a wave of my hand. "It was nothing
really. I'm surprised you didn't get there faster than I did." Super speed came
in handy, but most Venatori when around humans didn't flaunt their abilities. I
don't have that problem. If someone sees my ability they tend to dismiss it as
something else. It sucked being quick in thought, but your body didn't react as
quick as it should. That was what Minorem meant - lesser! I was not lesser.

My mother looked up from her story with a wave of the hand and continued on her
tirade about some bear ravaging her home. When their food arrived I couldn't
help the frown that I know turned my normal grin upside down. I like seafood. I
hate fried food. Not only is it fattening but because it wasn't a staple in my
diet it tends to make matters worse in the bathroom. I was going to pay for this
horrible meal. I am grateful there was a generous portion of roasted vegetables
and they were passible. The fish wasn't too breaded and I managed to eat some of
that and peeled a few of the breaded shrimp that dotted my plate. But to say
dinner was a bust was an understatement.

My father inquired, "Don't like seafood?"

Looking up from my plate I shook my head with a grin. "It's not that. Fried food
and I don't get along."

"I will remember that in the future." He said. Like they'd have a future dinner
meeting at a shit hole fish place in the middle of a bad part of town. Kai
added, "I find it hard to believe you don't just eat anything, most boys your
age do."

Finally conversation, something to beat the mindless rambling of my mother, "Oh
I eat plenty. I just don't tend to fry it so," I struggled for a word,
"heavily."

Kai sighed, "Don't tell me you are one of those vegans or such."

A sharp laughed escaped my mouth before I could stop it. "Hardly. I like meat
just like you normal folk. I eat a lot of it as a matter a fact. Grilled, baked,
roasted." Now I sounded like a fats little hobbit and I grinned at my thoughts,
"I'm starting to sound like Sam Wise." My father didn't catch the reference, how
unschooled the man was. Of course he'd seen the movie? "Lord of the Rings. Sam
Wise rattling on about how you cook a potato." When Kai still didn't understand
I waved my hand to dismiss the topic, "It's not important."

"So not only are you a health nut, you are a geek too?"

I had almost expected that from an old geezer like my father, but he wasn't that
old, not really. "If that's what you want to call it, I suppose. I'm not all..."
In an effort to mock the more zealous geeks out there I threw my hands up to my
face and with my best valley girl voice I spoke. "Oh my god you said the wrong
reference." I laughed at myself and the reference, "I don't have that kinda
time. Dae'lin ensures my time is better spent."

Kai nodded and his hair didn't move from its stuccoed position. Hairspray was
such an 80's thing. "I'm sure. Drills and studying."

I nodded with a grin. There was so much more that Dae'lin required then just
drills and studying. Perfection! There was nothing else in the eyes of that
small brunette that ran my life from sun up to sun down. Kai continued with his
conversation, I was grateful that the drone of my mother had finally ceased.
"Your friend, Mr. Hill wasn't it? You and him get in trouble a lot."

Jace and me, I wonder what he'd heard and what Dorian recorded. Knowing the
meticulous dark haired Scrin, it was everything. I couldn't help but laugh,
they'd gotten into so much trouble before they learned how not to get caught.
"No more trouble than others I suppose."

"That's not what I've seen. Nearly every break of curfew has been with that boy
and you'd been drinking and escorting your friend upstairs."

Of course everyone only remembered those times Jace was falling down drunk. They
were the only times they got caught. Jace would drink too much, way too much and
I had to carry the bastard back home. And Jace was far from quiet on a good day.
A drunk Jace, oh my god, can you scream at the top of your lungs when you fall
into a table or doorway and let the whole world know we are here. Too many times
I could have snuck back in, no one would be the wiser. But I a couldn't let Jace
try to make it home, he was my friend, no Jace was family. My only real family!

There was no point in hiding anything from this man. Whatever he didn't know all
he had to do ask Dorian and I knew there were records of everything in Dorian's
office. "Those were only the times we actually got caught. Jason's a bit of a
lush, but he did tend to always involve me in his raucous returns." But he
didn't need to know everything.

"So, in other words, you snuck out more times than you got caught."

I couldn't help the smile that beamed at my father. The things we'd done, the
times we didn't get caught were by far worse than those times Jace was drunk.
When Jace was in his full capacity the times were beyond compare - the girls,
the guys. Yum! I could almost taste the memories. "Let's just say they never
actually caught me when Jason wasn't falling down drunk." I was going to miss
Jace.

Michael's shift was over, or so I gathered as he walked up behind me draping an
arm over my shoulder. He whispered in my ear, "Gregory is having a party
tonight. One last hurrah?" A grin slide on my face and I knew exactly what
Michael wanted. I'd have to be careful tonight, I had to be home on time. Things
started early tomorrow. But Michael was too tempting as he brushed his lips
against my ear. I nodded my agreement and clasped his hand. He took it in
parting, trailing his fingers down the palm of my hand which sent shivers up my
spine.

My mother looked at me with disgust. She leaned over the table her breasts
falling into her plate and I held back the smirk that wanted to escape. "How
dare you flaunt this crap in front of us!"

I wanted to laugh, but I didn't I hid it behind a calm, cool stare, at least she
hadn't called me a fag or worse. Not that she be as mean as the kids in the
academy. I'd heard it all by now. There was no more damage she could do to my
already damaged self esteem.

Sarah interrupted with her beautiful smile and precious voice. "Will there be
anything else?" At least some women weren't bigots, she knew who I was far more
than my own mother ever would.

I shook my head and grinned up at her. "No, Sarah, there won't, can I have the
check, please?" She smiled and nodded her head and left without another word. It
was time to pay the piper. My wallet was full of my own cash and the money that
Dae'lin and Dorian had offered me to pay for this lavish meal. I dropped a ten
on the table and waited for the check.

Sarah had put up with my family she deserved more than what I had given for a
tip, I handed her an additional 5 for her work. She tucked it into her bra with
a smile. I wanted to tell her I'd fish it from there later, but Michael was
waiting outside. And I didn't know what time she got off.

The surprise of the bill didn't show on my face as I schooled my expression. It
wasn't as much as I'd expected it to be. I wouldn't need Dae'lin or Dorian's
money after all. As I pulled out the cash Kai exclaimed, "Where did you get all
that cash?"

I dropped the money on the table and looked up at my father with a grin. "I
worked for most of it. But both Dorian and Dae'lin contributed to the cause."

He sounded surprised when he asked "Both of them?"

I was in a much better mood and my manners betrayed my normal sarcasm, "Yes sir.
But I won't need to use their money, I'll return it all. I expected my mother to
choose something a little more outside my budget when she said 'fancy'
restaurant." I suppose there was no point in being rude now. They hadn't bonded
like Dorian and Dae'lin had wanted, but they'd not killed each other either. So
all in all it was a good day.

I let my good manners and Dae'lin's training take control. I pulled my mother's
chair from her as she stood, she didn't even look in my direction. What a bitch!
I opened the door for her and she stood out and caught sight of some man she
knew and started chatting him up. I am done with her, dinner was over, she could
walk her ass back to the compound in the dark. I was going to a party. I stopped
by the curb and my father came up next to me. "What did you do to earn the
money?"

It was such a stupid question, what did he think I did for the money, hook for
it. That'd be funny, a scrawny kid on the street with his leg sticking out all
fine and ready for the taking. Yeah, perfect picture. I laughed more at my own
thoughts than his question, but it was still worthy of a laugh, too, "Dae'lin
put me to work."

And the questions kept on coming, "Doing what?" He sounded like he wanted to
know.

And there was the problem. Most people didn't want to know some kid had solved
their case. I am not sure that my father would appreciate Dae'lin giving me his
workload to sift through. A sigh escaped my lips before I could hide it behind a
grin. "Solving cases. Started out as old, then she started throwing in new fresh
cases that hunters were having a hard time connecting pieces on."

"And you didn't want to tell me that why?"

I had to tell him, I didn't want to, but he asked so I had to tell him. It was
in my training, in my blood. "Two cases ago I worked on one of yours, I didn't
give you the information before you figured it out yourself. That morning you
made the kill, I had the answer that afternoon."

"And that's a reason to sigh?" My father was a curious one, maybe he hadn't
heard it killed the cat.

I was going to have to stop with my inner commentary if I was to make it through
the night. Just answer the damn questions so you can go, I told myself. "No and
yes. Most people don't know what I'm doing for Dae'lin before I've graduated.
When they find out a kid helped them they get bent out of shape. When they find
out a minorem helped them they usually have words with Dae'lin. I'd prefer
Dae'lin not get yelled at again on my behalf."

And as if there was nothing left to learn or gain from our encounter my father
left me with an "I guess I'll see you tomorrow then." I didn't want to have to
do this all over again. But Michael pulled up in his late-model Honda and I
climbed in next to him. Leaning over and planting a kiss on my friends lips that
said exactly what I wanted to be doing right now. Michael groaned softly and
adjusted things before he pulled out into the street. We headed down the busy
streets of New York City to hit a party that was bound to be a great last memory
of this place.

When we pulled up to brown stone where Gregory lived there was no thumping music
and there was no one around. I looked at Michael with disappointment. He smiled
brightly at me, "Trust me."

Honestly it didn't matter if there was a party or not, I enjoyed the company I
was in and I had survived my parents. Now for a little fun. Michael walked
around the car and wrapped an arm around my waist and pulled me up the stairs to
knock on the plain brown door that greeted us. Gregory answered the door, his
eyes were red and puffy and he had a blooming purple bruise over his eye. "What
the fuck happened to you?" I asked him.

Gregory waved us inside and closed the door, "Stephana's parting gift.
Apparently I cheated on her. Pretty sure it was the other way around, but she
made it feel like it was my fault. Women are a pain in the ass."

Michael nodded with a knowing look. I sat down on the ragged brown leather
couch, it had seen better days and that was when I noticed the small red head in
the corner leaning over the table. I rolled my eyes, Holly. Great, that meant
there was a party, just not a party I was going to get involved in. Holly was
their current resident drug dealer. She had the low down on coke and pot and
could score just about anything else you wanted with a phonecall. Michael
immediately cozied up to her, his front pressed tightly against her backside as
he pulled her into an embrace nuzzling her neck from behind. So much for that, I
thought to myself. Michael was usually more intersted in drugs than sex, and
drugs had never been something I was interested in. Call me a prude if you must
but I had no need for anythng more than a few beers to have a good time. And I
didn't even need the beer.

Gregory sat down next to me, "You look disappointed."

That was an understatement. I merely nodded my assent he drapped an arm over my
shoulders, this was new. Gregory, while he hung with us was highly straight. I
cocked my head at him and grinned, he smiled back and leaned into me. I could
feel the extra body heat raising my body temperature and making my body react in
ways it had not previously done with our gracious host. He put his lips next to
my ear whispered, "Stefana left with a girl."

I gave him a small quiet laugh, "Is that what this is, revenge?" I turned my
body to face him, his lips only a hair's breath from mine. He swallowed the lump
that had formed in his throat and I grinned at him through the firm hold my
teeth had on my bottom lip. "Michael told me this was a party."

Gregory leaned back and watched me watching him. "For him. He knew Holly was
here. We could go elsewhere?"

I had come for one reason, Michael didn't have to be the solution to my current
desires, if Gregory was willing. I stood up and offered Gregory my hand. He
looked at me from the bottom to the top, I could feel his eyes scanning every
inch of my body. He met my eyes and smiled as he took my hand. I lead him to the
stairs up and Gregory then took the lead, two stairs at a time he climbed, he
was either eager or trying to wear himself out before he got to his room at the
top of the next floor.

I'd been in Gregory's room before. It was, however, the first time I had been in
his room with him - alone. He closed the door behind us and turned the latch to
lock it. He wanted privacy. He walked around me and stopped in front of me with
a heat in his eyes I'd not seen from him before. He approached slowly, almost
like he was trying to stop himself. I didn't want him to stop. He pressed his
body against mine and I took the instructed step back until my back was pressed
up against the door. Gregory put his forearm agaisnt the top of my chest and
pinned me to the door. My breath caught and my body relaxed in reflex. I knew my
eyes were wide with surprise. How had he known? Did Michael tell him? There was
no time for questions as he pressed his lips against mine with a ravenous
passion. It wasn't the who I wanted, but Gregory was more than capable of giving
me what I desired in that moment. I was putty in his hands and I could only hope
he wouldn't hurt me, I would be powerless to stop him.

****

Naked and awake with Gregory's arm draped over my chest is not such a horrible
thing to try to sleep to but I really need to be home, and soon. My phone lie on
the ground feet away from the bed but I'm hesitant to move Greogry and wake him
up. He confided that this had been his first time with another guy, but he
hadn't shown any apprehension over having sex with me. He seemed to enjoy it as
much as I had. And I know while he didn't necessarily participate with other men
one on one, he has shared the bed with another. Michael, Jace and I all have had
him in our bed over the past years with a girl between us.

Gregory rolls over leaving my chest cold from loss of body heat. I squirm
carefully from underneath the blankets and check the time on my phone. Still
early enough to get home with a few minutes to spare. I dress quickly and send
Gregory a text. His phone lights up and makes no sound. Vibrate, good!

I slip out of his room unlocking the door and closing it softly behind me as I
slide down the stairs as quietly as possible. Michael and Holly are passed out
naked on the couch, a few lines sitting still neatly placed on the coffee table
in front of them. I shake my head as I walk out the front door of the brown
stone and head for nearest train station. I have time, not much but I have time.

The train was crowded for a Thursday night and it was still early. The smells of
the subway were always standoffish. I hated the smell, the old urine saturated
into the stone and the metal of the train itself. The smell of old musty damp
places. Heightened smell had its draw backs and it always made me wonder if
every Venatori had that problem - but I never bothered to ask anyone just went
on with my own personal suffering. What did it matter if they were like me, or I
like them. I resented my differences, but then again I loved them too. I
flaunted my abilites whenever I had a chance. Bending the elements just because
I can, or winning a fight that I couldn't normally. It was all part of me and my
reputation. I was an asshole, I knew it. Most people didn't like me, and that
really was the way I liked it.

The train lurched to a stop at my final destination and I left the train wishing
it were the last time I had to get on the silly thing to come home, but I was
sure I'd be on it again later. I had to catch a plane after all. The last time
I'd ridden a plane I was five. I'd been pryed from my mother's loving grasp and
sat in a seat in first class while the woman with me tried to comfort the sobs
that wracked my body. I remember clearly clutching at the little stuffed dragon
that I'd brought with me. It was the only personal possession my mother had
allowed me to take from the cabin in the woods. Short of the things she had
already packed. Mushu was my only friend growing up in that house. My mother
worked too much, and I hadn't started any real schooling. My nanny taught me
what she could of the Venatori and the hunters that were their main calling
card. But I knew no one other than those two women for the first few years of my
life.

The plane started and my heart lurched, I could feel the panic inside as we rose
higher and higher into the air. I had just calmed down when the plain started
it's assent into the air, the poor stewardess in charge of my care was frantic
with worry as my sobs began again, more intense and frightened than before. I
clutched at the chair and tried to escape. But I was strapped in and it only
made me scream louder. After the plane leveled out they gave me something to
calm me down. I don't remember much after that, not until we landed and I sat in
the terminal waiting...

The memories wracked my body, I could feel the panic and the fear rising inside
and I had to stop and find a place to calm myself. For all the relaxing sex had
provided my body was tense again ruining whatever after effects had remained
from Gregory's attention. I leaned against the disgusting wall of the subway to
catch my breath. Thankfully the platform hadn't been busy and my panic attack
hadn't caused any undo scene. I received a few glances but no one tried to
intervene in my recovery process. I took deep breaths, breathe in... breathe
out, I couched myself the way Margo used to coach me through the aftermath of my
memories.

It had been 13 years and still those memories rang my bell everytime. I wasn't
looking forward to flying again. But unlike my five year old self, I had more
control over myself and my fears. I have Margo and Dorian to thank for that, but
they still were there, never really gone, just managed. With my breathing at its
normal pace I started up the stairs to the street. I'd didn't have far to walk
before I was back in the compound and I was safe from any dings on my last day
as a student.

My room was too many flights up to walk today. I took the elevator, what was one
more panic attack before bed. I clutched the railing as I stared at the doors as
I rose in the plate glass elevator. The motion of it going up made me want to
vomit - the grease from dinner finally making itself known. Memories of the
dinner filtered through the fear and the panic and I focused on those instead,
at least they weren't making my body shake with tension. I relaxed into their
disappointment in me. When the elevator opened to my floor I walked out and
found a party going on in the boy's dormitory. They were having one last shindig
to send us off on our way. And look what I had missed. I didn't bother with the
others as I headed off to my own room. I was tired, my body was sore from
Gregory's attention but mostly from the fear and panic that had wracked my body.

The room I shared with Jace, Aaron and Ross was empty. They must be in the
common room, or out and about with their families. I'd forgotten that the
Southern Hill family was here to see Jace off into his adult life. I'd met them
a few times, his family was huge. He had three older brothers, a little sister
and two little brothers. His parents were practially jack rabbits, spewing out
children left and right. Jace was the only Magnus among them, and he was much an
enigma as I was. Jace could bend both earth and air, but his level 3 - the
ability to create more of the same element could only happen through touch. Most
other Magnus could bend without touch, as it was the second level. Jace couldn't
manipulate without touch, he kept a bag full of sand in his pocket so he'd
always have earth to manipulate.

I remembered the only time Aaron had picked on Jace about the bag in his pocket,
he'd stolen the bag and was taughting him with it. Jace beat the shit out of
Aaron that day, he got three weeks of 'detention' for it. Detention for us
wasn't like what the human schools did, it was more like prison's solitary
confinement. Jace wasn't allowed to see anyone except a therapist until those
three were up, and he'd supposedly come to terms with his actions against
another Venatori. And yet when Aaron bullied me he got nothing more than a slap
on the hand. But then again he didn't beat me to a pulp where I was lucky to
survive. Jace had a temper and he was trained to be venatori. He didn't want to
hunt monsters, but his parents were both venatori. He would be venatori unless
he chose differently at his Ad Aetatem tomorrow. I suspect Jace will be staying
here to teach. He's good with the younger once. He has some interesting
theories.

Today was a thing of memories it seemed. It was my last day as a student, the
last day before the rest of my life began. I had already received my first
assignment, handed to me directly from the leader himself - Mark Green. He
didn't say it in so many words, but I was Cesari, I was stonger than he and if i
weren't some obnoxious kid I could with in my rights become the leader of the
Veantori. But I was minorem too, I was lesser in every sense of the word and
they treated me like such. Except that they want my genes, and I think he wants
me gone to stem the issues that were about to arise. Out of sight, out of mind.
I'd heard rumors already that the moment I passed my Ad Aetatem that certain
women were to attract my attention. But those were just rumors likely started by
those that wanted to spread the gory details of my sex life. If they only knew
the half of it.

I shook myself and grab my things for the shower. I didn't want to fight the
rush in the morning.

The shower was refreshing, I got the stench of the subway from my body. The hot
water making my pale skin glow a soft pink. I pulled the blankets over my half
naked body and rolled over to sleep. Memories were just that, but when your
nightmares wake you in the wee hours of the night there is not much one can do
except roll back over and pretend you are sleeping.

It was almost a nightly occurance, one nightmare or another. Tonight it seemed
that everytime I closed my eyes I saw every nightmare I'd ever had in ascending
order of terror. By the time my alarm to wake went off I was covered in sweat
and had to take a shower despite my plans the night before. Thankfully I was the
first one up and the groans from the three others in the room said they'd heard
my alarm too.

I grabed my things again and showered again. Dressing fully in the bathroom
before heading back to my own bunk to throw what little belongings I had into my
duffle bag. I was out the door as soon as my Ad Aetatem was over. It had not
been my choice, but was all part of the package that I had been given by Mark
Green two days prior.

Breakfast and coffee were required, I'd have preferred to grab a workout but I'd
forgotten to reset the alarm, not that I couldn't have gotten up hours before
anyway. I could still feel the nightmares rolling through my mind. The terror
they imposed upon my body only made me ache with the need for a good nights
rest. And those were few and far between, maybe getting away from all of this
would help but I doubted it.

Margo assured me that we would keep our regular appointments while I toured the
States killing monsters at the Venatori's command. I enjoyed the hunt, the kill
not so much. Though that was what I suspected, I'd never killed anything in my
life. After hurting Garret when I was young it had become something of a
sticking point.

I could have killed him. I could have - I should have - I wanted to. I wanted
him to feel the pain he'd inflicted upon me for a year. A year of beatings that
haunted my nights, and my days. The memories flooded my minds eye, but it was
the smell of buring spandex, skin and hair that made me wretch at the memories.

I could feel the longing to hurt him, to make him pay. I could feel the pain as
the whips of air and earth flayed the skin on my back. I could feel the creepy
crawl of my flesh knitting back together slowly. Over and over and if I sparked
he'd repeat it ten times over.

It was how I learned control. To control every fiber of my being, every
movement, every pattern I could exert over the world. I controled it. They were
mine, until Garret pushed me up against the wall with the palm of his hand. I'd
learned to give Garret control, to relax into his touch when he wanted me to
behave, right before he removed my shirt and turned me around to beat. I was
helpless to do anything for fear of getting hit more than I already was.

My revenge had been bitter sweet. I could taste it in my mouth, I could smell
the burning flesh as my memories ran over it. My body quivered with the
memories, I could feel the pain of the last beating he'd ever given me. As the
last stroke was about to fall I feigned a spark, I purposefully created a well
aimed flame at the feet of the man who haunted my dreams. His pants caught fire
and I fed the fire with more heat, more power.

I let him burn, I felt the power in the fire as it fed on his skin, on his hair
and I listened to him scream in agony. I wanted to enjoy it, but I couldn't. The
sirens went off and I was pulled from my illusions of revenge and I wrapped the
burning man in water and ceased the flames from doing anymore damage. I had
wanted to hurt him.

Dorian was the one to first talk to me. He sat across from me and I could see
the disappointment in his eyes. He just looked at me and I could see the fury in
his face. I remember the stabbing guilt that peirced my body when he looked at
me. He only said I had disappointed him. And I rattled off my apologize,
promised never to do it again. Begged and pleaded for forgiveness.

I remembered sitting in detention for a month. Thinking on my actions. While it
had been ruled an accident it was required punishment. Margo was the only one to
see me during that month. It was when she'd officially been assigned to oversee
my mental health. I never told her what he'd done to me. I never told anyone
what Garret did to me. I have no intentions of ever letting that man have that
kind of power over me again. But I never had to work with Garret again after
that despite the fact I had to endure another full year of fire-starter control
classes. They were easy enough as I had control. I never sparked again.
Everything I do is controlled, there are no accidents. I laugh at the control
others have over their ability, it's so inept, so irratic. They could do better,
but they didn't have to. They weren't beaten into submission.

I truly needed to get out of this place, the memories still raw inside caused me
to stop in the hallway. I took a breath and pushed everything aside as I walked
the cafeteria line for the final time. I bid Ms. Sheila, the red-headed cook who
dotted on me as she would her own child, adeu. She said she hoped she never saw
me again. It was a jest and yet I hoped she was right too.

I ate breakfast in relative peace, which was unusual. I was quickly out before
most of the crowd started to filter in for their morning meal. I still had a few
hours to kill before the ceremonies actually started so I lounged in the
conference room I was assigned to wait in while everyone else passed through
their's before me. As an 'S' I was near the end of this show. I envied Jace his
last name. Aaron would go after me but Ross shortly before me. I was thankful
neither of them were assigned to my waiting room. Our parents would be off in
some other room mingling with one another. I did not envy the people my mother
was about to suck up to.

The girl before me was called in for her rite and I stood up and started pacing.
It was nothing I kept telling myself. There was nothing to it. I could do this.
Needles were nothing, I'd done it before. I rubbed the back of my neck as a
reminder. The tattoo I'd gotten at 16 was the only time I had been drunk enough
to do something as stupid as get a tattoo when I'm terrified of needles. I
barely remember any of it. I remember the hang over though. I didn't drink that
much ever again.

The four elements were etched into the back of my neck, where everyone could see
except for me. I have seen it, in pictures and in mirrors, but at least it's not
a constant reminder of what I'm afraid of. The one I was about to receive was
going to be a huge reminder. Most of the ritual itself was a cake walk until the
end.

My name was finally called and I walked into the private sitting room that was
the place of the first ritual. It was the bloody part of the whole thing. Dorian
stood in a traditional outfit that was reserved just for this ceramony. He
looked uncomfortable. The silly thing restricted movement and made him look
clumpsy, and Dorian Vega was anything but clumpsy, he was the model of
perfection. I had never seen the man out of place in any shape or form, even
after he'd been swimming laps. Never once had he looked liked this. He stood
between my parents with a rabbit being held in his hands over the fire that
burnt hot, I could feel the heat from the distance of the door. My parents
looked liked they'd been standing in a sauna for hours, sweat poured from their
pores making them look like wet rats. I had to hide a smirk as I walked to them.

Dorian started some archaic chant. I had memorized it for class, but I'd since
forgotten it. I didn't need to know it now. I only had two jobs to do this room.
Slit the rabbit from sterum to anus and stand pretty like while Dorian draped
entrails around my wrists and ties them to my mother and father. I could smell
the blood from the rabbit cooking in the fire below after I'd cut it I did my
best not to look like I was about to wretch. The words were spoken in an ancient
language and it basically said that I had come to sever ties with my clan - in
this case my family - to join a new one - the Venatori as a whole. I was an
adult. If I had been deemed a minorem unfit to breed I would have been
sterelized as the next step of the ritual. The pain and suffering those who
didn't qualify was beyond compare. Needles were nothing compared to minor
surgery.

I was offically severed from my parents, not that I was ever connected to either
of them to begin with. But this was how it had always been done and who was I to
balk tradition.

The next step was going to be interesting. A drug induced hallucination, they
called it a vision quest. But it was still a drug induced hallucination no
matter what meaning I derived from its viewing. I was reminded of the movie
Divergent and was thankful they couldn't see into my head like that. My fears
come to life for all to see. I could do with out the world knowing my deep dark
secrets and fears.

Some cultures had you lick the back of a frog, or smoke some aweful concotion.
We, we drank a seemingly foul substance that made our minds see things. I was
not happy about introducting this shit to my system I'd be fighting it for days,
they said it was completely harmless, yeah for an iron consitution of a true
Venatori. I was Minorem, lesser. I knew my limits. I'd probably vomit after the
whole chebang was over.

I drank the foul tasting thing and my mind started to blurr and buzz and I could
feel the drug taking over my faculties. The last thing I saw was Dorian help me
lie down so I don't knock myself out with the loss of concsiousness that hit me
with a loud pop in my ears.

It was like dreaming, and I hated my dreams. I got lost in the darkness of my
own mind. I felt like screaming as every nightmare replayed in my mind. The past
revealed itself in a kaledscope of images, none of which were happy. I could
feel my body trembling with fear but I could do nothing to stop the shaking. I
felt hands on my arms, a soothing touch on my cheek and the world jumped into
visions of things I could barely understand. I saw a claw raking through my
mother's chest. I saw the bluest eyes I'd ever seen staring back at me with
nothing but what I could only describe as love. I saw fire, lots and lots of
fire. Fire overwhelmed me. I could feel the heat of it. I felt the rush of
falling. The love of my children. How I knew it was my children I didn't know
but I saw tiny faces staring back at me. Happiness. Or what I assumed it must
feel like. I'd never been completely happy with anything in my life.

I sank into darkness. The fears colliding with my happy feeling. I woke with a
shudder and I could feel my stomach rolling as I was pulled to a sitting
position and offered a drink of water. Dorian and Margo stood over me with a
look of concern but there was nothing they could do, or say. I was feeling the
effects of the drug as they helped me stand up. Perhaps this was a good thing.

Dorian walked me to phase three, the final one, the very last thing I had to do
before I got on a plane to the rest of my life. I sat down in the chair
provided. I had to remain still, remain calm. I leaned back in the chair and I
caught Dorian whispering to the man who was about to put a needle with black ink
to my forehead.

I closed my eyes and relaxed. When I opened them the man was standing above me,
he was waiting for me to calm myself before he started. I gave him a slight nod
and he smiled at me with reassurance. He put his free arm against my chest and
pinned me to the chair. My body relaxed with the reflexes that Garret had taught
me those many years ago. The same reflex that put me at Gregory's whim the night
before. I was grateful for the gesture as he put the needle to my head. I felt
every prick every sensation as the two crossed swords were etched into my right
temple. He whispered to me, "Stay still, stay calm." I had no choice but to obey
until my body knew it was released from its servitude. Until he was satisfied.

I fought back the memories again of Garret and my early childhood. The tears
that fled the corners of my eyes in a soft roll were soundless. It was too much
for my mind and it was the only release. I didn't move, didn't make a sound. I
held my breath and tried not to as the last few bits of black were colored into
the lines of the swords that would adorn my face forever.

The man smiled at me with a nod and pulled my hands to help me sit up. My queue
to freedom. The fear and the tension coursed through my body and I force myself
to walk past Dorian and Margo through the double doors where the end of the line
was. Walking through those doors I was an adult. If I stayed here I would be
forever the child, forever unworthy, forever lost in the terror of this place. I
stepped through the double doors and my stomach heaved and every moment of
terror coursed through my trembling body as I lost my breakfast in the nearby
trash bin.

I felt a familiar hand on my back and saw Jace's black and white cavase converse
on the floor next to me. He didn't say anything, he didn't have to, there was
nothing more to say. He handed me a paper towel and I wiped my mouth. I had made
it through the day. I wasn't ready to leave the one person who had always been
there for me. He wrapped his arms around me and gave me a hug and whispered,
"Call me. Your things are down in the lobby waiting. Don't miss your flight."

He was always the pragmatic one, always thinking ahead. I nodded my farewell and
that would be the last time for many years I was sure before I saw my best
friend again.

# Dragon Hunting

_Saturday, June 13, 2015_

It had been a little more than four years since I had left New York City and I
was loving my job. There was something about the night air that I loved on a
cool spring day in the Rocky Mountains. There were no clouds in the sky and I
could see the stars and their fascinating patterns staring down at me. I was
never very good at finding the constilations, but they were still pretty. I had
been sleeping under the stars for the past two weeks and I was thankful that the
weather hadn't turned bad. I was just south of Apache Peak stalking through the
trees and rock outcroppings hunting a dragon.

I wished I could have seen her true form; she was supposedly a gorgeous
specimen. Her black obsidian scales were intermingled with golden ones forming a
pattern that was missed by most. I saw it in the pictures, and it was absolutely
goregous. She was perfect in her human form too - her black skin highlighted by
her golden locks of hair. Her eyes were hidden by contacts, but their natural
color was that of the sun. Or how I'd imagine the sun to be, they were dragon
eyes.

The dragon was going by the name Naomi, or that's what the locals had said. And
if the locals knew her, that meant her horde was nearby. I would find her sooner
or later. I wished for my father's talent at knowing what to do. I could call
him, see what advice he had to offer, but he'd probably laugh in my face. While
we hadn't exactly parted on glorious terms we at least knew that we existed now.
I'd not spoken to anyone back home other than Jace and Dae'lin. And of course
Margo. I called her once a week and when I was in place with a decent network
connection we talked over Skype. She said that Dorian and Dae'lin were surprised
that I continued to speak with her even though my mandatory sessions were done
and over four years ago when I passed through my Ad Aetatem. It helped me
through the hard days, and pulled me out of my own melodrama.

But I had a job to do now. I walked into a nameless pub in some backwater town.
I was searching for information about her, but more importantly I was hungry. I
hadn't had a decent meal in weeks. This pub was unlikely to fit the bill, but at
least I wasn't cooking it over a camp fire. Not that I minded home cooked and
crude food, but I was getting tired of rabbit!

I sat down at the bar and ordered a bottled beer. There was no way I was
drinking from any of the glasses in this joint. While the locals might not mind,
I had a problem with brown things on my glasses. I did a double take on my
initial I want food and settled for just a beer as I sat and listened to the
conversations around me the best I could. Listening for any hints that strange
things were happening around here.

The door jingled as a woman walked into to the bar. I looked up from my beer and
glanced up at the mirror behind the bar and I saw the stunning creature I had
been after the whole time. Her aura shimmered and swayed with patterns that a
photograph couldn't capture. I even saw the almost shadow of her dragon form in
the patterns. It was like the air around her was hiding the vision of her true
self. I was in awe, even though this wasn't my first dragon encounter.

The first encounter had left a nice scar on my left leg. No one had told me that
a dragon in human form could still breathe fire. Imagine my surprise when this
man opened his mouth and a jet of fire spewed forth like some ancient volcano. I
had been quick with water and air to douse the flames that would have consumed
me had I not extinquished them in near moments after it had happened. The dragon
had lost its head that day as I formed a sword of air and fire and sliced
through his neck with ease. I disliked killing, but it had been my life or his.
I prefered to live!

The scar itched as I thought about the memories. Naomi sat down next to me on my
left I hid the smirk that tried to splay on my lips. She was watching me as I
pulled a sip from the neck of the brown beer bottle in front of me. I could only
imagine her thoughts. Strange kid, is he even old enough to be drinking. Legally
I was now, but it had never stopped me before. I turned to look at her as she
watched me with a smart grin on my face. I knew exactly what her reaction would
be the moment she recognied the crossed swords at my temple.

She almost fell out of her chair as recognition dawned on her. She blinked her
eyes, forgetting to be human as the eye lids slid closed along the length of her
eyes instead of the height. Her voice hissed at me, "How did you find me,
feras?" It was clear she was not trying to hid her identity from me, the
reptilian tongue ill-equipped for her human words.

It took me a moment to recognize the racial slur she used. Feras meant savage
thing, it was common for supernatural creatures to refer to the Venatori as
such. They beleived we were a bane on their existance, but we were put on this
earth to patrol the supernatural, including our own kind. It was our sacred
duty, or that was the crap they taught us anyway.

I smiled at the woman, "Savage? I'm not the one robbing banks. You know that's a
no-no." I shook my finger at her with the reprimand.

Before Naomi had a chance to respond a man with a child walked into the bar.
"Naomi? What's taking so long? Drake is crying." The man was here with Naomi, he
was clearly human. The child was crying but he shimmered with the same ferocity
as his mother, and he had her gold blonde locks. I couldn't help but wonder if
he was half human. The question struck a cord deep down inside me. I felt for
the child...

She snarled. My reaction had me backing away as I brought up shield of air and
formed a ball of fire in front of me to send flying if necessary. But she did
not breathe fire as she ran out the door yelling, "Gordon run! He's Venatori!"

So much for surprise attack, my cover blown, she'd know me anywhere now. I had
to find her before she took it out on some random couple or worse started
robbing more human banks. I chased after them but I was not Venatori. My legs
just didn't carry me through the door fast enough to even catch the licsence
plate on the vehicle, however I did mange to see the color of the car and the
knew the make and model. Sometimes it paid to like cars. Thought I was not an
expert on the subject.

It didn't matter anyway, her horde would be near by I would catch up to her
there. I would find her. Dragons don't move around when they are threatened,
their natural instinct is to defend their horde. She would do the same.

I would take up the hunt when light fell on the land again. For now I'd finish
my beer, go back to camp and eat more roasted rabbit and canned beans and sleep,
or try to. My nightmares still plagued me, even four years of freedom from my
childhood demons could not rid my soul of the darkness it had seen as a child.

I tried not to think on them, but they came to me anyway at the mere thought of
them. I lay back agaisnt my makeshift pillow and stare up at the stars. Sleep
finally comes as do my nightmares. Images of my childhood tormentors turning
into demons. Garret's snarling face as tenticles of air and earth scarred my
flesh. I could feel the searing pain coursing across my back and started awake
dreanched in sweat, my heart racing, and my breath heaving in my lungs.

I have been away from human contact far too long, two weeks in the middle of no
where hunting a dragon that kept eluding me until now. And the one night I need
true sleep it does not come. I longed for companionship I missed Jace. I missed
having someone around even if all they did was look down their nose at me. Even
Aaron would have been better than this emptiness. Four years and I'd yet to find
any one worthy of more than a passing fling, much less a friendship. The other
Venatori at the compound didn't so much as avoid me as they were never around.
The Rocky Mountain compound wasn't nearly as close knit as New York City's. But
they also weren't teaching a bunch of kids about our way of life either.

I glanced at the time on my phone and decided it was close enough to dawn to
pick up camp and start my trek through the wilderness again. The jeep I was
using while I was in the mountains was brand new. I was surprised when they
leant it to me this go around. I didn't own a car, no Venatori did. Everything
but our own personal belongings belonged to the community. Things like houses
and cars were community property, we used them on as need basis.

My mother being human didn't like the idea of the Venatori controlling every
aspect of her life lived off compound. When this hunt was done I would go to my
cabin in the woods, it was the only thing she'd left me when she died. I was
surprised that she'd left anything at all. Technically since I didn't pay for it
out of my own pocket it was part of the Venatori compound now, but it was off
site. It was now used by other hunters as a type of safe house to waste a few
days in relative comfort between hunts. I'd been staying there when I wasn't out
on a hunt. I saw a few other hunters come and go as they crashed in the other
bedrooms, but the mountains rarely saw guests.

I got up out my sleeping bag and started my morning ritural. But first coffee
had to be started, I could not function without it. As I put the percolating pot
on the edge of the fire that I started with a glance I sighed into the cool
night air. This was nice, but going to a Starbucks was so much easier. I missed
the City.

I stood up and moved away from the fire into a small clearing that was the least
rooty part of the forest I was currently calling home and began moving slowly
through my morning katas. Unlike a true Venatori my speed and agility required
work, as did my strength. Everyone worked out to some degree or another but if I
didn't I lost what little edge I had. Martial arts proved to be the best morning
workout, the ability to tone and flex worked well. I lifted weights when I had a
gym to go do and when I didn't there was a small routine I ran through
consisting of body weight moves. The latter weren't nearly as beneficial but
they kept me going when I had to.

I could smell the coffee brewing and I longed to taste it as I finished the last
of my workout. My body moved without thinking about what I was doing. My mind
could wander and I still never missed a step. I didn't like where my mind wetn
when it wandered so I focused on each movement, on the perfection that Dae'lin
had demanded of me as a child and as I grew into the man I was at this very
moment. I found it strangely comforting conforming to her dications of my life.
Submitting to it had always made my life easier, there were little questions.
Life as a grown up sucked!

But my mind wandered regardless of my concentration. My thoughts turned to my
dreams and the fact that I was tired of them. I needed to sleep. I needed to
take a break. Four years I was tired of walking the woods hunting. I needed to
sleep for real for days. Maybe I would do this after this hunt, after I catch
this beautiful dragon and let some other venatori do whatever they were going to
do.

I finished the last of my cool down and walked over to the too hot fire and
grabbed a cup of my now overly hot coffee. I used air to lift it from the fire
and pour a cup before setting it on the flat ground outside the fire. I sipped
at the coffee while I flipped through a few messages on my phone and then
checked the weather and any local news reports before I packed up my gear and
used the last of the burnt coffee to put the fire out. I kicked dirt over the
dying embers and waited to make sure the fire was truly good and out. I didn't
want to start a fire. Though I could easily contain one and put it out, but it
would likely reveal what I was as well as tax my depleated reserves. Working on
no sleep always sucked.

I packed my loaner jeep and headed out on to the road. I headed in the direction
she had run and stopped about three miles out. It was a puzzle, Dorian always
said I was good at puzzles. How do I find a dragon's horde?

I pulled out my topographical map and rolled it out on the hood of the jeep and
stared at it for several minutes, probably more like an hour, I didn't have a
very good sense of time without a schedule to follow.

I paced back and forth, around the jeep and up and down the dirt road I'd pulled
into to stay off the main drag where I'd atract attention. My mind pulled at the
information I had seen. It grasped at the knowledge I'd been taught about
dragons. I couldn't help but pull from every dragon myth I'd seen on TV or in
the movies. While they were complete fantasy some of it was based on reality.
Dragons do exist. Vampires do exist. As do several variations of werecreatures.
I wished for Dorian's photographic memory, to be able to recite from memory
everything I'd ever read.

Instead I get puzzles. And today it comes in handy as the last of the Hobbit
movies comes to bear on my thoughts. We were in the middle of the mountains,
caves were bound to be everywhere so that's likely where she was stashing her
goods. Classic dragon tactic or so all the stories ever said. Even the ones that
staked the virgin princess out on a stake to be eaten by the dragon. She was
staked in front of the cave the dragon lived in.

The map was helpful now. I scanned it for what I knew marked caves and the types
of craigs a dragon might like to hide her horde in. In this area that was only
one spot. Bingo! Or at least I prayed it was bingo! I could be staking my hand
on false myths, but right now it was all I had.

I took a hand gun just in case, it wouldn't do any good against a dragon. The
cold steel in my hand as I walked through the forest at a snails pace made me
feel better. I wasn't quite so alone with the trusty hand gun in front of me.

It felt like forever as I skimmed over the leaf littered ground making no sound.
I hadn't learned to track in the forest, well not really. We had gone out once
every year on a camping training trip. We went with our roommates and a few
other rooms a total of 12 kids each. Every Venatori was taught the basics of
hunting, just as every Venatori was taught the basic history and culture of all
supernatural creatures. We cannot function as a community if we don't know how
the others work - or so the philosphy goes. I'm okay with that, except when you
take a scrin born child into the wilderness and expect him to be of any use in
any training games. Thankfully what little my lack of strength and agility
wasn't a hold back in these situations. I was good at this.

The man and the child were the first I'd found, they'd been sleeping when I
stepped into the cavern that had as I thought belonged to the dragon. Her
precious horde she'd left with the man and child while she was off doing what...
Had she seen me? Scented me? After taking a quick sniff I made sure I wasn't a
mess. Thankfully the waters had been kind and I smelled no different than any
other day on any other normal hunt.

The man's name was Gordon, or so he told me and I vaguely remember the dragon
lady shouting for him to run. The child was Drake and as I'd suspected half
human, his eyes were the color of his fathers - human. I sighed inwardly as I
tied the man up with air and left him with a diaper bag full of supplies and a
child in his arms. The man had pleaded for their lives, not that I was going to
kill them. I had no intentions of killing the dragon either, but sometimes it
happened. I would let the courts handle them, I was no murderer.

I asked where Naomi went all the man could do was shrug, "She leaves us all the
time. I don't know where so goes." I beleived him. Dragons were typically
solitary creatures they didn't have packes like lycans. And they didn't have a
kiss like a vampire. Dragons prefered the solitude of their horde.

It made me wonder if she thought of Gordon and Drake as part of her horde. I was
pretty sure she did, leaving them in the wilderness like this instead of some
house in some rundown part of the woods. It was unique in terms of dragons.

I would have liked to talk to her about it but I doubted she'd have wanted to
talk to me. I was her hunter. I was to be her death. Though I truly didn't want
to have to kill her.

I headed out the cave and started searching the terrain for whatever signs of a
dragon I could find. I didn't have to search long, I heard a twig snap in front
of me and I let everything go, I let my inhuman senses out and sought for the
creature that had made the noise. I was thankful for my supernatural senses and
my ability to heal quickly. The were far better than super human strength or
agility. I could live with being weaker and slower. I would live because of
these two gifts. Being normal, one way or the other would have been a god send,
but I lived with the hand I was dealt. I am Nox Sétana and I am half human
Cesari. I lived by that credo. I am what I am and there is nothing more I can do
about it.

But I had little time for my inner reflections as a blur of motion came at me. I
was barely able to dodge behind the tree before I had my shields up and at
fireball pattern just waiting for the right moment to coalesce and send flying
at the dragon as necessary.

I hoped that she didn't send a spurt of flames my way I'd prefer not to be
barbaqued again. And my hopes were well worth it as she jumped at me and she
slammed into my shield of air. She fell backwards dazed and I had her right
where I needed her. I wrapped her up in nets of air, I could feel her starting
to shift so I did the only thing I could do I smacked her over the head with
another pattern of air and earth and her body slumped into unconscious slumber.
The feeling of dread left me with a rush of adrealine and the knowledge that I
had to carry an uncoscious dragon and possibly a man with a child back to the
jeep for processing.

I pulled her along the ground with my nets of air doing the brunt of the work
and reflected upon the child that she gave birth to. His father was part of the
robberies, he'd be handed over to the human police while they dealt with the
dragon, having handed over a similar looking cadavar from some stupid Cesari who
thought they could replicate human life. What most people don't understand is
that we aren't meant to create life. There is a fifth element, if you look in
between the spaces of the pattern, there is more than fire, earth, air and
water. There is the essences of life and it cannot be controlled.

I carried the boy half dragon as I dragged both his parents to the jeep. He
curled up in my arm and he hadn't balked once even after he watched as his
father fell into slumber as his mother had. The man had gone into hysterics,
there realy was nothing more I could do.

I found their car down in a crevice outside their horde, inside was a carseat
for which I was thankful. I tagged both my captives with a gps tracker just in
case they got free and ran. I'd find them again and I would have to take them
out. I really didn't want to do that. Thankfully they never woke up as I drove
back to HQ to settle matters up. My job here was done. Now I could head back to
the cabin where I'd spent the youngest of my days for a little rest and
relaxation.

# Called Home

_Sunday, June 14, 2015_

After HQ I drove the now empty Jeep to my mother's cabin in the woods. There was
still plenty of time left in the afternoon to catch a dip in the lake and cook a
real meal on a real stove. And all I really wanted to do was crash in a real
bed, maybe my nightmares would stay at bay long enough to catch a decent night
sleep.

I enjoy the mountain air. It's so much better than the smog and stale air of New
York City, but I find myself longing for the convience of a Starbucks on every
corner and a pizza joint on the opposite side. I hadn't been here in over a
month. I enjoyed my job I truly did, but I missed what I'd called home. And to
think I hated every second of it while I was there. I wasn't cut out to do this
alone.

My phone rang with a cute little number by Bowling for Soup. While the song
wasn't perfect it was how I felt about Dae'lin on many occassions, and it pissed
her off when I played it for her. [The Bitch
Song](http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/bowlingforsoup/thebitchsong.html) really
only fit with chorus - You're a bitch but I still love you.

"Hey Duckling." I answered knowing that I'd get a response from the cute little
brunette on the other side.

"Duckling", she sounded angry but it soon filtered into annoyance. "I have a new
assignment for you..." I could hear Dae'lin struggling to find a suitable
insult. She never was very good at making me squirm and only ended up making
matters worse for herself.

I grinned, "Okay, and?"

Dae'lin sighed, "I need you here."

"You know I can't Dae'lin." And that was why she was not just coming straight
out as usual. "Mark Green sent me away."

Dae'lin growled in my ear - literally growled. "I know, he's repeatedly told me
not to bring you home. But I need YOU here. This is my job, Nox. Mark can't tell
me what to do. I need you here now."

I sighed, "Okay. I'll be on the next flight." She hung up immediately after my
acceptance of the job. It made me wonder what was going on at home that I was
needed. No one ever needed me. I was just a run of the mill sort of hunter. I
was not full Venatori. Surely they could do without me specifically, but Dae'lin
had insisted on me. I couldn't even fathom what was going on. I could go home.
Home... Yes, that is what I needed. Home.

While I'd been in New York, this had always felt like home, I hadn't ever
belonged there, but now I realize it was home, and this was where I didn't
belong. I was almost eager to go home. Almost. I was not looking forward to
fullfilling my so called duty. Or to seeing my father and the infinite amount of
hatred that coursed through the compound when people saw me. I could handle
this. I would have to call Margo, I know the moment I step off that plane and
into the compound my life is going to get more complicated.

I dialed Margo's direct line without hitting it in my contacts, I knew it by
heart, it hadn't changed over the years back when cell phones weren't common.
"Dr. Silverman."

"Hey." I said nervously.

I could hear the smile in her voice, "My favorite patient. What can I do for you
hun?" She asked sweetly in her almost Georgian accent. She'd been from the South
once upon a time, but the NYC branch had more prestige, so here the Georgia
peach came.

"I'm hardly your favorite. But I think I'm going to need to see you when I get
home." I could feel the tension just thinking about seeing Aaron and Ross again,
even after four years away they still terrorized me. And I wasn't looking
forward to seeing my father either.

"See me? You mean you've been reassigned."

"Yes ma'am. Dae'lin just called wants me home now. Can you squeeze me in in a
few days?"

"Of course I can. Your normal call time is free, why don't you pop on into my
office then if you think you'll be home in time."

Nox nodded, "I'll try, I'm at the mercy of the airlines at the moment.

"I'll have Elizabeth pencil you in Darling. Is there anything you need now? I
have a few moments, you sound pensive."

Nox sighed, "How is it I can't hide shit from you?"

Margo laughed, "Because I've known you for nearly sixteen years and you are as
predicatble. Tell me what's on your mind. I have a few moments."

I started pacing back and forth I wasn't ready to bare my soul at this moment, I
had no idea where to start. "It's nothing really. I'm just missing home. I spent
17 years hating the place, and now I miss it."

"The actual place, or the people?" She asked trying to make me talk more.

I sighed. "Both. I miss Jace. I miss people in general, even if they usually are
looking down their nose at me wishing I was not there."

"Stop with the self defacement with me child." I could see her waffling her
index finger at me.

"Yes ma'am."

She continued on as if I'd not even interrupted here. "You have a lonely job.
And you've been away much longer than most. And for good reason, but you need to
come to terms with this place now. I imagine there is a lot of unfinished
business here. Are you sure this isn't about your father and your mother?"

Nox laughed, "When ever is it NOT about my parents."

There was a knock on the otherside of the phone and I could hear Ms. Elizabeth
speaking to Margo. A surprise appointment, so much for having time to listen to
things. But really there was nothing new she could offer me. Margo came back to
to the line, "I'm sorry Darling. I've a surpise patient, my favorite patient."
She was syrupy sweet when she implied I wasn't her favorite patient. I knew I
wasn't, everyone was her favorite patient. There had been a fight in the waiting
room once over that very fact. I'm her favorite, no I am. Like a bunch of
children, sadly it was two grown men.

"That's alright ma'am. I'll see you in a few days."

"Toodles." I heard the phone click and I looked down at my still packed bag. So
much for that. I took the Jeep back to HQ and arranged for a cab to take me to
the airport. I arranged to take the next flight to JFK as I rode through the
mountains between Boulder and Denver. I wasn't looking forward to flying...

# Small Distractions

_Sunday, June 14, 2015_

I'd spent the night in a nearby hotel, the bed was welcomed but I still didn't
sleep well. I was up, had a quick workout in the gym, and showered all before
the sun was up. And then I took the short hop to the airport via their curtousey
van.

The closer we got to the airport the more apprehensive I became. I could feel
the tension in my shoulders, the tightening of my jaw, I felt like I could split
wood with my teeth. My palms were sweaty and I was snappy, I hate being snappy.

The lady at the ticket counter brought a smile to my face, she was a cute blone
with green eyes. I mentioned a pair of emerald earrings that had once caught my
eye as they dangled from some woman's ears. "I bet they'd be divine against your
neck." She thought I was hitting on her and she grumpily handed me the ticket
and checked my bags. If I had been hitting on her I would not have mentioned
another woman I sighed to myself. It didn't really matter I was going home - by
plane.

And then every bit of panic in my body started to show again. I reigned it in
quickly as I walked through the security check points. Arms out, patted down
because my gear was dangerous. I only had one gun, but still I declared it at
the counter and it was now safely stored in my luggage, but now I got the
special treatment. It could be coincidence, but I don't beleive in coincidence.
Everything happens for a reason, you just don't know what it is until later.

I found my terminal and sat down, there were several passengers waiting around
already, I still had an hour to wait. This was almost the hardest part - almost.
It came a close third. I hate waiting.

There was an elderly couple sitting across from me the man kept glancing at me
and I'd smile. I couldn't figure out what he was doing. Do I look that
threatening? I glanced down at my shirt and laughed. I hadn't realized what
shirt I'd pulled on. "Wanna screw?" A hand was holding out a screw. It wasn't a
lewd as some of my shirts were, but I could have chosen better for a public
situation like this. I zipped up the hoodie that I was wearing to cover up the
offending saying and the man nodded in thanks. I couldn't help but chuckle to
myself as I pulled out my phone and started reading whatever book was currently
open in my queue...

It wasn't long before my section of rows was called and I was heading to the
back of the plane. I hated the back of the plane. I hated the front and the
middle too, but I really dispised the back of the plane. Thankfully I was not
near the engine but still I hated the back of the plane. I stowed my gear in the
upper bins after grabbing my ear buds so I could listen to some tunes to calm
down after we got in the air.

I looked down in the seats and saw a cute little red head scrambling to fasten
her seat belt as a small auburn haired kid started shuffling with the things
she'd carefully balanced on her lap.

Someone tapped my shoulder, "Can you put this up there please, son?"

I smiled down at the elderly woman who'd been with the man who'd been offended
by my shirt. "Yes, ma'am."

"Such a poliet young man." I heard her husband scoff at the thought. "Oh hush
Henry, it wasn't that bad." She turned over to him and said ever so sweetly,
"Wanna screw?"

I couldn't help but bark out a laugh as the old man blushed. "Sir, I think
you've got a keeper."

"45 years my boy, 45 years. And she'll never change."

I grinned down at her, "There you go, ma'am. I'll help you get them down when we
land."

"Such a kind lad." She patted my hand as she sat down across from me.

The cute little red head was busying herself with prep work for toddler in her
arms. I had to step asside to let a few other people pass before I could finish
what I had been doing. I pulled out the magazine I'd picked up inside the
terminal. I sat down with magazine and ear buds and the little red head next to
me tapped my arm and I turned to look at her bright green eyes. "You sure you
don't want the window seat."

I shook my head and hoped my skin didn't turn that wonderful shade of white that
gave away my fear. I wanted to say there is no way in hell you'd get me that
close to a window, but I didn't. "No, this is okay."

She smiled and sat down working on the things she had been doing when the little
boy climbed into my lap. She scooped him up in her arms before I could even
reaction, "Aidan, no."

I smiled at her, "It's alright, he won't hurt me." I winked at her, "Pretty sure
a kid can't dent me."

She grinned, "You'll regret that later. He is quite strong. Seem him bench press
his truck."

I laughed, "Have you now? I'd like to see that."

The preflight checks started and I listened to the tinny version of the annoying
details. I fought with the feelings of dread as they talked about the oxygen
masks and the seat cushions as floatation devices. A little hand tugged at the
ear buds that hung around my neck. He pulled out of his mothers lap and into
mine. She reached for him with a disapproving frown, "It's okay. You are sitting
right here, the plane's all closed up I'm not going anywhere. He won't hurt me
or the ear buds. And besides he seems like the perfect distraction while we take
off."

She sighed with a nod but she watched me warily. I don't blame her. Though I
don't know why he wanted to crawl into MY lap. Kids always seemed to like me. I
have no idea why, maybe it was the relative age difference. Margo and Dae'lin
are always telling me I'm a child. I grin at the thought.

The little one tries to put my ear buds in his mouth, I pull it gently from his
fingers, "Your ears, not your mouth." I hold the bud to his ears. "When we get
up higher I'll show you."

The plane jolted backwards and I felt my heart jump into my throat. I hated this
part. Up and down were always the worst, down the hardest, but I had a little
one in my lap right now. I focused everything on him. I could see small patterns
around him flux and wane with each movement as he shook my ear buds. I held out
my hand and he dropped the ear buds in my hand and picked it back up and started
dancing them around my hand again. I watched the boy with curiousity. I'd never
seen patterns around a child so young. Then again I'd never been around a child
this young before except for myself and I can't see my own pattern. I don't
really understand it, I just can't.

I took a deep breath to settle my nerves, but I don't think it worked. Maybe
conversation would help. "My name is Nox, by the way."

She smiled up at me, "Stella. And this is Aidan."

"Pleasure." I beamed at her. I hoped she didn't notice the sweat beading at my
temples.

The little one started complaining about his ears and climbed into his mama's
lap and dozed off to sleep. I couldn't help the grin that played on my lips. It
reminded me that I'd just ruined the life of another kid only hours ago, the
grin faded into nothingness. I hadn't even been home for an hour before Dae'lin
called. How had she known? How long had she been trying to get a hold of me.

I put the earbuds in and started flipping through my phone in Airplane mode to
find something to listen to when Stella asked, "What brings you to New York?"
She whispered softly so not to distrub her son.

"Been called home. Boss lady says 'come' so I come." I tried not to grin at the
alterior meaning to the topic I'd just answered. Dae'lin wanted more than that
in reality. I'd heard through the grapevine, namely Jace that Dae'lin and a few
others were in strict negotiations with the breeders program over who got first
crack at me like I was some prize stud to be fought over. I tried not to sneer
but I was sure it played on my face before I could mask it with my playful grin.

Stella hadn't noticed at all she was looking at her sleeping son. "My mother set
up a job interview. She told me to take Aidan too. Said they had a day care, and
that way he'd not be a stranger when I got the job."

I nodded, "Sounds like a good place to work. Daycare in New York can be
expensive."

She smiled at me, "We'll see. I have my reservations." She obviously didn't want
to talk too much about it, she changed the subject back to me, "Do you like what
you do?" I could live with that, I never turned down an oppurtunity to talk
about myself.

"I love my job. I get to see the world, meet new people." I winked at her and
grinned. I knew exactly what the next question was going to be before she even
asked it, but I let her ask.

"What exactly do you do?" I could hear the curiousity in her voice.

I had a lie for everything I did. I'd claimed to be a bounty hunter from time to
time, but I didn't think it would do much good with Ms. Stella here. So I choose
what my business card actually said, "I'm a security consultant." Which in
reality was what I did. I secured the fate of the human race by hunting down and
executing rogue supernatural creatures.

She grined at me and shook her head in disbelief. "You look too young to be a
consultant of anything."

Too young to do what I do. Few hunters lived much longer, stupid mistakes or
underestimating the opponent typically cost us our very lives. Too young. I
laughed softly, "I had a very good teacher." I could hear the praise in my own
voice, "I was helping her many years before I actually finished highschool."

"Her?" Stella's voice was filled with surprise. "Most security jobs are held by
men."

I grinned at her. "Our firm has more men than women, but she is not a field
worker, she's the one who assigns all the jobs. She's a manager, and a mentor.
She taught me what I needed to know to do my job on top of all the other things
that you need to make your life a prosperous one."

She shook her head, "Sounds hokey to me."

Stella was right it was a bit hokey. "I suppose private schools get that
luxury." Another half truth, it was the only thing I could really tell her. I
couldn't exactly tell her the truth.

A grin spread on Stella's face as she giggled softly, "A wealthy brat then?"

Wealthy, god no. I had a lie for that too. "No, scholarship kid. I was sent
there because my mother couldn't handle me anymore. They paid my way through so
I could get my head on straight." It wasn't really a lie. While it wasn't a
scholarship, the Venatori don't use money like humans do. We own nothing really,
we don't earn money and wealth is not determined by money but by status.

She laughed softly and I wasn't sure if she was laughing at me or with me, "You
don't look like you were a troubled child."

She didn't know the half of it. I winked at her, "Looks can be deceiving,
Duckling." My life was a disaster and a half, I am surprised I made it through
it as well as I did - unwanted, beaten and bullied being only the top three
things that messed me up.

Her eyebrow raised and a micheivious grin split her lips in two, "Duckling?"

I had explained it so many times I was surprised she hadn't hit me already, I
chuckled to myself, "Soft, Cute..."

"And?" I felt like she almost could see through me. Like she knew what I had
meant by it.

I grinned coyly at her, "In need of protecting. It's usually what I call most
women."

She asked with intent, "Most?"

This woman was digging rather deep into me, I sighed. "Dae'lin would kill me if
I called her Duckling."

"Your boss/mentor?" It was not really a question she knew the answer already I
could tell by the way she held herself.

I nodded, "How'd ya guess?" The sarcasm dripped from my statement.

"Just lucky I guess." She smiled at me and I knew she was at least flirting with
me. I had missed talking to people. I'd missed flirting more. "You like her?"

I shrugged offhandedly. "She's a good woman, I look up to her."

"Now you are being coy. You know that's not what I meant." She laughed at me,
and I couldn't help but grin back at her, she was feeling me out for my
attachments to other women. How cute. Though she was a human woman, and I'd
slept with plenty of them, but Stella had a child. I couldn't risk that. But
chances of seeing her again were slim so I could flirt safely.

"Are you asking me if I'm attracted to her and that's the reason I don't call
her Duckling?" She nodded and I shook my head in return. "She's a beautiful
woman, but she'd kill me if I thought of her as anything more than at most a
friend." I paused a moment as the memories of her catching me with Nick plowed
through my memories. "She went ballistic when she caught me kissing someone in
the halls. Granted I'm sure it was for more than one reason."

Stella laughed, "And those reasons are?"

Oh my god, this woman was really digging into my personal life, what was she a
shrink. I didn't need another one in my life. "Boy you sure want to get
personal." I sighed and answered her question. "We worked together, he was my
chemistry lab partner. She frowns upon work place relationships. Which filtered
down into my schooling."

A rosy color spread from Stella's cheeks across and her neck, as she blushed,
"He? Oh. I thought..."

She was clearly embarrassed by the assumption that I was now gay and just being
friendly. I wasn't just being friendly, and I reassured her. "You thought that I
was flirting." I grinned at her then leaned over and whispered. "You are not
incorrect in your assessment of things. I am fond of both sexes. Though it's not
something I ususally lead with."

"I'm sorry." She grinned, "I thought my radar was off. I've not met anyone since
having Aidan. Life has been too busy."

I smiled, "No apologize necessary. Your radar is just fine."

The planed dipped for its final decent and my heart choked me as I felt the
altituded change. My hands flew to the arm rest and I could feel the tender
flesh of the woman beside me below my death grip. I closed my eyes and gathered
my senses around me fighting the gripping panic attack that coursed through my
body.

Stella pulled her hand from underneath mine and smiled, "Not a fan of flying"

I could feel the heat rising in my cheeks and my neck, "Not a fan would be an
understatement." I opened my eyes and looked at the cute little red head and her
sleeping son. "My first flight was not a good one." I didn't really want to talk
about it. I had learned long ago that many of my issues stemmed from that
abandonment of my mother. My fear of flying is wrapped so tightly around it that
it's hard to separate one from the other because the memories are so ingrained
in one another. I sighed, "I'm just glad that it all worked out so well." My
statement dripped with sarcasm, and I hoped Stella would not pick up on it.

Once the doors were finally open and the cabin started to move I stood up and
stretched my legs, I pulled the little old ladies luggage from the overhead bin
and handed it to her. She patted me on the arm, "Such a nice young man. And that
was such a nice young girl, I'm sorry you don't like girls."

Damn! The woman had overheard our conversation and now thought I only liked men.
Not that it should matter, I was used to the bigotry that went with it, though
she wasn't chastising my choices, only apologizing for the loss of a great girl.
I looked down and Stella and Aidan had already slipped past me, Damn! So much
for that.

I fished a few more bags from the overhead compartments before I was the last
one on the plane and ready to get back to solid ground. The stewardess thanked
me for the assitance and I grinned back, I really wanted to get out of the
plane.

Once I was back inside the terminal on solid ground I could feel the world
lifting from me. I could see the familiar skyline and knew that I was home.
Truly home.

I sat down in one of the chairs to slow my panic and fears. I had been able to
hold it together, I'd help from a lovely little red head I was unlikely to see
again. I put my elbows on my knees and hung my head in my hands. Moments later I
saw a pair of small green chucks in my line of sight. I looked up and Stella was
smiling down at me. "Maybe we can get some dinner tonight? You can tell me a
little about New York and what it offers me and Aidan?"

I leaned back in the chair and grinned up at her, "Isn't that my line?"

She grinned at me, "Not this time... Duckling... It's not a ..."

I intetrrupted her, "No worries Duckling. Not a date, got it!." I grinned at her
with a wink. "I'd love to."

I pulled my wallet out of my back pocket and handed Stella a nondescript
business card. "Call me with a time. I'm sure I'll have to shift things once I
get in. Dinner will likely have to be late. If that's okay?"

She smiled at me as she took the card and glanced at it. "That's fine, but I'll
need a babysitter after 7 pm."

"I can bring it over, that way we don't have to worry about the time, eat in,
talk in peace and Aidan can do whatever Aidan does."

She smiled and leaned over and kissed my cheek. A chill ran up my spine. "Thank
you, that sounds great." If it wasn't a date, then it made me wonder what the
kiss had been for. I know I'm irresistable but she clearly said it wasn't a
date. Women are so confusing.

I watched as Stella left, I could still feel her lips on my cheek and I stayed
in my chair dazed by what had just happened.

# Unexpected

_Sunday, June 14, 2015 midday_

I definately wasn't thinking I'd be picked up by a girl at the airport. Flirting
yes? That much I do anywhere I go, but she asked ME out. Granted it isn't a
date. I shook my head to clear the images of the cute little red head with green
eyes and a toddler on her hip from my mind. It was time to head towards baggage
claim, needed to grab the rest of my things. I could have fit everything as a
carry on, except for the gun, I'd still have to check that - liscense or no.

When I got down to baggage claim i saw a familiar sight. There was dirty blonde
haired man wearing a pair of faded blue jeans, and a tattered t-shirt of an
american flag holding a sign that said, "Nawt Ghay". The only thing that would
complete the picture were if Jace was wearing a straw hat and chewing on a
strand of hay. I couldn't help but laugh. His sun glasses were propped up on his
head and he hung his leather jacket over his shoulder. He would stop men and ask
"Not Gay?" like he was oblivious to what he was saying. And in his southern
drawl it was clear others weren't exactly getting it either.

A small hand tugged on my ear buds that hung around my neck still. I turned in
the direction and Stella smiled back at me. Damn she was short. I grinned down
at her. She asked, "You know him?"

I chuckled to myself as I turned to watch the carosel for my things. "I should
claim that I don't. Sadly I do."

She grinned at me, "Does he realize what his sign says?"

I grabbed my last bag thankful it made it through just fine, "He does. It's an
inside joke." I offered Stella my hand, "I'm not gay."

Stella giggled. "You should go up and give him a big kiss."

I laughed, it took me a long while to finish laughing, she was a trip. "Maybe I
should." Maybe I shouldn't. But it would definately make a scene and that was
truly what Jace was after.

I grinned at Stella. "You asked for it."

I walked up to Jace with a knowing grin on my face. He looked up at me with ease
and I leaned in and kissed him softly on the lips. He tasted like stupid cinamon
gum. I pulled back and glared at him and he grinned. I took the gum out of my
mouth with two fingers and offered it back to him and he laughed. "Hi."

Jace laughed, "Hey lover."

I rolled my eyes at him and waved Stella over. "Jace, this is Stella and her son
Aidan. That was her idea."

Jace turned to her and offered his hand, "Jason Hill at your service." His
southern drawl was completely gon when he introduced himself. "You told him to
kiss me? How very daring of you? Did you know he would really do it?"

Stella laughed, "He told me about his affliction." She grinned up at me with a
teasing smile.

"My affliction...." I rolled my eyes.

Jace flicked my shoulder with his fingers, "That's a nasty habit. Be nice to the
lady. Your affliction is contatious afterall."

I smacked Jace in the head, his sunglasses fell to the floor. He glared at me as
he picked them up. "Stella, you need a lift?"

I refrained from sticking my tongue out at Jace as Stella nodded her head, "That
would be wonderful I could catch a cab, but if you are going that way."

Jace grabbed her bags and smiled, "We are going anyway you need us to go. He
ain't in no hurry are you lover?"

I rolled my eyes at him and Stella hit my arm this time. "What was that for?" I
asked shocked.

She smiled, "You rolled your eyes at him."

I stuck my tongue out at her and she smacked me again and I couldn't help but
laugh, "He called me lover, he better stop or he's going to find a foot up his
ass."

That got a pointed stare from Stella, "Watch your language." It wasn't a joke.

Jace wrapped an arm around Stella, "Don't mind him. He's a troubled youth. He
has no manners, and no couth. Come on Darling, I'll get your bags and we'll take
you where you are going."

Leave it to Jace to pick up the girl I was after. I'd have glared at him if I'd
cared really. To be honest, Jace wouldn't go anywhere with her either, he was
married now. Mia had finally wrangled him into a asking and she was pretty
intense about his being faithful.

I followed the pair out the doors and listened to Jace bad mouth me some more,
Stella looked back with a sheepish grin and I rolled my eyes. She shook her
finger at me and I gave her a dirty look, it was all in jest, I hoped.

I opened the door for Stella as Jace took her bags to the back of the black SUV
he'd brought down. Stella climbed in. I shut the door after Stella got Aidan
strapped into the carseat that seemed to be in the back.

I took my bags to the back of the SUV and Jace was waiting for me. He grinned up
at me, and mouthed, "Damn!"

I grinned back at him and leaned in and whispered, "She asked me out on a not a
date." I beamed at him. Jace smiled back. I spoke louder so Stella could hear
me, "I see Mia lets you take Naya out and about."

Jace laughed, "She better with another one on the way."

I was impressed Jace had enough prestige now to own his own car, that was a
rarity. Jace smiled, "We live in Brooklyn, kinda need the space."

"Really. Why the f..." I paused in my thoughts and corrected my self, "Why would
you want to do that?"

"Mia wants a house. I gave her a house." Jace confided. "The woman gets what she
wants." He waved his left hand in front of my face like I didn't remember he'd
gotten married.

I grinned at him, "Seems like you got sucker punched." I walked around to the
passenger side of the car.

Jace called out, "What you don't want to drive?"

I laughed, "Not on your life."

We both climbed into the SUV and Stella grinned at Jace in through the rear view
mirror, "So the sign, tell me about it."

Jace laughed and I had to roll my eyes, Jace loved to tell stories. He blurted
out rather quickly, "We like guys." He added automatically, "And girls. I
introduce Nox here to a few of my gay friends. I'm the odd ball out till Nox
joined the crew. They'd ask, 'So you're gay?'" Jace laughed, "He'd always say,
I'm not gay." Jace poked me in the shoulder and I turned to look out the window,
I hated the story. "He always adds, I like girls too or something to that
affect. Like he's defending his choices."

I sighed, "I defend every decision I make, in everything Jace."

Jace patted my arm, "I know. You know I tease." He turned to Stella with a
smile, "He had a rough life. I don't know why he tolerates me picking on him.
Anyone else and I'd be gagging on my tongue." He grinned playfully, but in
reality he wasn't really joking, I was known to stuff air in bullies mouths when
they called me names. I was young then, but the reputation stays with you. I
spent many days in detention for that.

Stella nodded, but Nox wasn't sure she understood what Jace had been getting at,
and really it didn't matter. Jace smiled at her, his boyish southern charm was
not lost on her as she grinned back at him, "So where to madame?"

Stella scronged around in her purse for an address and handed Jace a peice of
paper with her reservation on it. Jace whistled as he showed me the paper,
"That's near us, you aren't out of the way at all. Shall we?"

Jace pulled out into the parking lot and headed towards the city proper. I
looked out the window and remembered my first time fondly. I was glad to be on
solid ground. I was with Dorian, he smelled of vanilla and cinamon with a hint
of pine and musk underneath. It was comforting. I hugged Mushu to my little body
as Dorian drove me home. He left me in my thoughts.

As we drove through the streets of the skyscrapers I was in awe of them. I
wished I was batman, or spiderman. But even then I was afraid of heights, more
so than now and the thought terrified me. The daydreams of a small boy filtered
through my head as Stella and Jace chatted about things.

At a stop light Jace punched me in the arm, "Penny for your thoughts man."

Stella added, "You've been quiet."

I grinned back, "Just thinking about the first time I took this route."

"Tramatic?" Steall asked with a bit of pity tinging her voice.

I hid my disgust behind a playful grin, I didn't need anyone's pity, "Hardly. I
was lost in thought most of the way. It's the last good memory I have of Mushu."
I smiled fondly.

Aidan chirped, "Mushu - rarrrr"

I laughed, "Yes, little man, rarrr. He was my favorite. Sadly he burnt the next
day."

Stella asked, "Burnt?"

Jace sighed, "There was a fire. He doesn't like to talk about it. Our roomate
stole Mushu and in the ruckous it created a fire started and the little stuffed
dragon became it's only casualty."

I sighed as I looked out the window, "It was the first of many such instances."

"You mean losing your toys?"

We both laughed, but I answered her curious questions, "No, of being bullied."

Jace stopped the SUV in front of the Pennsylvania Hotel. "Nice Digs, I'd
definitely work for them if they are putting you up here."

Stella laughed, "My mother said it was some fancy rich firm that needed help."
She started packing things up to prepare for her departure. I got out of the
vehicle and pulled her bags from the back.

"Well maybe we'll just order in then. I'll foot the bill, if you order for two
and a half." I called from behind.

She turned and beamed at me, her smiled lightened my heart. "Still keeping me
company tonight?"

I grinned, "But of course." I closed the back door and waited on the sidewalk
for Stella to walk over.

She stood in front of me and I russled the boy's hair and he swatted at my
hands. I grinned at him and Stella smiled at me. "I'll call you later and we can
set up a time."

She winked at me as she walked away. This girl was more confusing than any
other. I don't know why I was seeing her again. I really should back away before
I make things impossible.

When I got back in Jace commented, "Damn! You haven't even been home an hour yet
and you've already got a date."

I rolled my eyes as Jace pulled out into traffic as we headed towards the
compound - headed home.

# The Mission

_Sunday, June 14, 2015 an hour or two later_

Jace goaded me the last few blocks before he parked his SUV in the complex next
to the compound. The cavern of the parking garage was another old memory. I
rarely used the vehicles in the City, mostly I was too young, and really I hated
to drive in the City, out in the world it was great, here it sucked.

I took my bags to the elevator and I could still remember the elated fear that
coursed through my body as I waited with Dorian all those years ago. The door
dinged and whooshed open and we stepped into the glass elevator. It wasn't quite
so bad right now encased in concrete, but once we went up a few more floors
things would get bad. I took a deep breath and turned to watch the doors.

Jace laughed, "Man, you'd think jumping from a skyscrapper would break that
fear."

I shook my head and closed my eyes shut. I remembered pressing my face into
Dorian's jeans, it was when I first noticed the way he smelled - it was a
comfort then even though I was having a panic attack. I took a deep breath and
turned around to stare into the lobby as we rose up into the Bank of America
building that was once again my home.

I saw the statue I created standing proud and strong in the grand lobby. I
smiled and Jace punched me in the arm. "See you can do it."

I hit him back this time, my arm was getting a nice bruise from the amount of
hits it had been taking these past few hours. Jace was about to hit me back when
the door dinged and I turned around to look as another person entered the plate
glass elevator. Jace grinned and I returned the gesture, we'd been caught, but
it wasn't anything really.

Once we reached our destination I was assualted by a small brunette bearing
files and folders and started dragging me to a conference room. I looked
helplessly at Jace and he shrugged, "I'll take these to your room, catch ya
round Nox. Good luck!"

I gave him a dirty look as Dae'lin shoved me into a glass conference room. We
called it the fish bowl, I hated this converence room, I hated everyone seeing
through the walls. I could smell the floral perfume Dae'lin wore, she swore at
me, "Damn it, Nox. Where have you been?"

She was a picture of fury, her raven hair all over the place as if she'd been
running her figners through it, her eyes were screaming dark spikes at me. I was
barely with her, I didn't have any answers. My body was still floating through
the fear of the eleveator and Dae'lin wasn't making matters any better.

I leaned against the table looking down at the floor and tried to take slow
steady breaths. The door opened and I saw a pair of black leather shoes step
into my view. I followed the legs up and couldn't really help noticing how well
his pants fit. "Dae'lin, he just rode an elevator, let him breathe a few minutes
before he passes out." His voice was soft and masculine yet it sent a shiver
down my spine.

I let myself finish looking at the man I that had guided me through my
childhood. His khaki's and button up shirt were pressed and starched, perfection
at all times. I reached his face and knew that his mustache and goatee would be
perfectly groomed and shaped. He was smiling at me and his eyes were a perfect
sparkling blue. His hair was only slightly mussed like he'd just run his fingers
through his hair.

I grinned at him, he'd been watching me check him out. I turned in a hurry to
distract myself more than anything and walked around the conference table and
sat down quickly. Dorian had been watching me. I wished I could remember what
I'd seen on his face. Was this going to be a problem?

Further away from the distractions I could see the patterns evovled around him
and I saw distinct difference from the last time I'd seen the man. Now that I
thought about it, so had Jace. Dae'lin forever remained the same, the fire
pulling so hard that it took over everything else in her fury.

I could feel the pulse in my neck thrumming through my veins. I do not recall
Dorian being _that_ hot before. Damn! I shifted in my chair and looked at
Dae'lin, "So nice of you to ask about my flight. It went well. I had a nice seat
mate to keep my mind from playing games on me." I fell into my normal mask
without a problem, hiding everything that I could so that people had less to
chastize me about.

Dorian chuckled and I forced myself not to look at him, but I could barely focus
on what I was saying as I said it, "What's the problem, Dae'lin?" I needed to
concentrate, and Dorian was going to make that very difficult. They both took a
seat across from me and I could feel my heart racing.

_Get it together!_ I chided myself. I wasn't 15.

Dorian's smooth voice started describing the problem, "Someone is targeting the
Venatori. Two families specifically." I quirked an eyebrown in question, it
wasn't uncommon that we received hate mail and the like. Yes vampires sending
hate mail was common. It was rather funny if you thought about it. We were the
things that bumped back against the things that went bump in the night. We were
the monsters to the monsters.

Dorian continued, I was pretty sure he stopped speaking as my thoughts went
elsewhere. He knew me too well. "Kai Videns youngest son was gifted a box that
blew up in his face. He is in critical condition in the Infirmary. And just
today my father has also received a package, but I notice it was emitting
strange patterns, so I had it taken for investiagation."

There was only one question I had, "How are the bombs getting through the
security in the mail room?"

I already knew the answer, but Dae'lin responded her voice tight with
exasperation at my inept question. "We've gone through this with Kai. The bombs
are of all elements, formed at the same time the best we can figure. There are
very few who can see all four elements in the mail room. Which is why you are
here?"

"So you think it's a Cesari doing this?"

Dae'lin sighed, "No, Dorian does. And he's the resident expert on all things
Cesari. I'll let him explain. So far its just the two families, and with Emilio
and Kai working so close together it makes sense. I... We don't expect other
families to be targetted."

"I'll look through their cases see if I can find any connections." I
interjected.

Dae'lin sighed, "If you must. Kai won't like you poking your nose around things,
Nox. He gave me a earful after your Ad Aetatem."

I sighed, I knew that would happen the moment he asked. "Tough shit. He can tell
me to back off himself, and then I'll just keep looking anyway."

Dae'lin stood up and sighed, "I know. The two of you will be the death of me.
Neither of you listen!" She stalked out of the room, I grinned as her tight rear
swayed out of the room. I swallowed hard, when then hell did I let my hormones
take over. I stood up and walked around the table.

As I passed the seat Dorian sat in he stopped me with a hand against my chest
holding a stack of folder files. I could feel the warmth of his skin through my
hoodie, I wished that I'd unzipped it. I looked down at him with a grin and took
the files from him, my fingers brushed against his as I could almost feel
sparks. My breath caught but thankfully Dorian spoke and I didn't have to ask
what it was he was giving me. "The information I have on Cesari for you to look
through."

I nodded, I didn't trust my voice. Dorian stood up his body brushed against mine
before he took a small step back so he wasn't touching me, but I could still
feel his presence in my bones. "I examined the package my father had. The
craftsmanship is untrained, erratic. They were too well put together to not have
been done at the same time. But the only person who has ever done those types of
feats in my presense has been you."

I grinned at Dorian, "You think it might be me?" I knew better than to think
Dorian would think badly of my ability. But I wanted to hear it from him.

"I don't, no. I wouldn't put it past your father, or mine to think of you as a
suspect. But you are the best candidate for the job, the patterns are there, if
you can see them. Maybe we can catch this bastard before he kills someone." I
don't think I've ever heard Dorian Vega swear. His perfection was something that
forbid such things, and yet he had. Maybe a lot more had changed in the four
years I was gone.

I moved towards the door brushing against Dorian's arm, "I'll look into it. You
know more about Cesari than anyone else has ever forgotten about them." I smiled
at him as I opened the door, "Anything else?" I had hopes, but I knew they
weren't for real, there was nothing I could offer him other than a good time.

He smiled and shook his head, my heart leapt at the sight of that smile. I
turned quickly and started in the direction of the adult residences. Dae'lin
called out my name from her office and I turned to look at her. "Nox, we need to
talk after you get settled."

I grinned at her, "You think I don't know what you want." I could see the fiery
woman blush, it was an attractive view. My control was completely shattered and
I had no idea why.

Dae'lin hid behind her door before she shut it, "Either way find me. We need to
discuss it."

I sighed and nodded. Dorian was watching the exchange and I shot him my best
smile. He returned it with a small smile of his own. "See ya round." I hope I
did anyway.

Dorian nodded, "If you need to we can go over some of that later, after you've
gotten things settled in." My heart raced, _FUCK!_

The files were thick and I ran my fingers through the top corner and grinned,
"I'm sure I'll need some help at some point." I headed towards my room before my
damn hormones got the better of me and I was acting like I was fifteen on the
outside as well.

# Broken

_Sunday, June 14, 2015 around 5pm_

I rounded the corner with too many thoughts in my head. Each on vying for top
billing. There was the mission at hand that was running through my head, how
could one of our own target Venatori, it was unheard of. Venatori went rogue
sure, but usually not against other Venatori. And then there was Stella and the
confusing signals she was sending - dinner and a kiss yet but not a date. Maybe
that was the reason I was eyeing everyone I'd had been close to me growing up.
Was it the vast expanse of emptiness that triggered this? I was really going to
need to talk to Margo now.

I wasn't paying attention I know I wasn't when I ran into a large frame that
barely moved. The voice that spouted, "What the fuck! Watch where you are
going!", registered just as the man recognized who I was. I was looking into the
dark pools of chocolate that were my father's eyes.

With a quick and effortless motion I was pinned against the wall. My heart
jumped into my throat and I could feel the panic set in as my body relaxed out
of reflex. My father weilded his magic like an ogre, his speed and strength were
his best weapons and he was using them against me with ease. But I could see the
anger in the patterns around him. I could hardly breathe between the panic in my
body and the pressure of his fist against my chest.

I croaked out "Kai".

He spoke in a quiet voice, it was eirie and frightening, "I don't need your help
son. Go back where you came from. I told Dae'lin I didn't need you snopping
around here."

He continued to hold me against the wall and yet my panic didn't settle into
compliance, his angry made me on edge. I could barely breath, I focused air
around my father and flung him across the hall to the other side of the wall. I
fell forward and I smiled at my father, I'm sure it was less than friendly, I
could feel the years of bullshit I had endured here building up, I needed to
leave before I took it out on the man who gave me life.

I walked away from my father and headed towards the adult residences. When I got
far enough away I released my father and prayed he didn't try to follow me. I
leaned against the wall and tried to catch my breath and let the feeling return
to my hands, I hadn't realized were balled in a fist. I hate this feeling. I
hated it with a passion. I needed to let it go...

I need to break things. Really break things, but that wasn't good for me either.
Margo suggests I workout, or to go for a run, so that's what I would do, but I'd
do it my way - and break things. I started towards my room as my phone rang. I
stopped and grabbed it from my pocket it was an unknown number. I answered,
"Hey."

A sweet voice swept over the line, "Hey Nox. You figure out your plans."

I sighed, I wasn't in the mood and I wasn't sure I would be good company. "Hey
Stella. I can try to make it over in a few hours." I said I'd go, so I'll try to
make it. "I will call if I can't make it."

Stella laughed, "Fine be like that. Go hang with Jason and leave me."

I grinned, "Jace went home to his wife. I have something I need to do and then
I'll be over. But I sometimes lose track of time."

Stella smiled, "Sure, sure. I'll see you in a few hours. I have to go Aiden is
crawling up the fridge."

"Alright, I'll see you then." I hung up the phone feeling a little better. But
not great. I unlocked the door to my room and walked in.

The room was bland. Even blander than my room in the dorms. It was beige in
every direction. The carpet, the walls. The celing was the only thing that was
white. It was small but it was quaint.

There was a full size bed off to the side, a table and two chairs in the middle
of the room, a small kitchenette to the left, a door that had to be the bathroom
to the right. A small couch, and a TV hung on the far wall. It was cozy. But it
was mine for now. It would do, I would likey be on my way again after Mark found
I was in town.

I saw my bags sitting on the bed where Jace left them, a note sat on top of my
laptop bag. "Hey babe, Glad you are back. Will stop by for breakfast - Jace"

Jace was still calling me endearments, which meant that people still made
comments about it. The rumors the last few years had us sleeping together and
much worse. None of it was true, at least not completely true, we hadn't
actually slept together in the sexual sense, we'd shared beds for sleep and with
other women or men between us. But we personally never actually did more than
share a touch or a kiss here and there.

Our friendship was important to us both and we didn't want to ruin it with sex.
Neither of us at the time were looking for that perfect someone. Jace had of
course already found her, he and Mia had been on again off again for years.

I grabbed my laptop and the files Dorian gave me and started wandering the halls
of the compound looking for the right place. I headed back towards the
classrooms and found one of the fire starter training rooms. I stopped in front
of the orange door and my heart speed up. Behind one of those doors my
nightmares started.

I watched helplessly as the memories came back while I was awake. Each movement
I made mimic ones I'd dreamt about every day for most of life. I opened the
door, I felt like the five year old I had been. So naive and unafraid. I could
see Master Garret standing in the middle of the room waiting for me. He looked
kind. He could be trusted I was told. Everyone said he would help me control the
fire.

I shut the door behind me. He'd smile at me. The first day he tried to make me
spark, tried to get me to start a fire uncontrolled. He tried everything. He
tickeled me. I squirmed at his touch. I didn't spark. He tried to make me sad,
and he made me angry, and then without any warning, his hand flew across the
front of his body and the back of his hand made contact with my cheek. I could
feel the bruise blooming. I sparked, and I cried. I was lost in my tears as he
comforted me and that was the end of that session.

The next day I came back and he smiled again. He told me what was to follow was
for my own good - to teach me. He took no pleasure in it. He weilded air, I
could see the flailing pattern around him as he told me to take off my shirt. I
didn't obey, I was afraid. I felt the fear course through me like it was that
day. He pushed me up against the wall and hit me with his fist, "Listen boy, Do
as I say or this will go badly."

He was no longer kind. I remembered thinking what had I done to make him so mad.
I scrambled out of my shirt and listened flawlessly the remainder of the session
as he brought the strings of air across my back. He muffled my cries when I
started sobbing.

Every day since then ran through my mind. The strength and change in his
demeanor, my willingness to give up the moment I walked in the door. The fear...

A hand touched my shoulder and I jumped, a pained cry escaped my lips before I
regained control of my body and pushed the fears away. I looked in the direction
I had been touched and I saw peace. It wasn't my hormones speaking this time, I
could smell the safety of home on Dorian. I could see the calm concern in his
blue eyes. He'd moved away from me the moment I cried out but he stayed and
watched me.

I turned my back on him as I wiped away the tears that fell on to my cheeks. I
wove a ball of air and fire into a perfect pattern and hurled it across the room
and watched the pattern scatter into a billion bits and peices as the ball
shattered on the wall.

I threw another and another until the tears stopped falling. I could feel
Dorian's eyes on me. I chocked out through fireballs, "Can I help you?"

Dorian didn't say anything as I heard him pull a chair over and sit down to my
left, not too close, but close enough he didn't have to shout to respond to me.
"I saw you standing outside, you looked lost."

I took a deep breath and gathered my strength, "I'm not lost. Just haunting
memories."

"I can tell. Do you want to talk about it?" The concern in his voice, the
patience I grew up with reverberated in everything he said to me. My heart fell
as the fear tried to take over.

I shook my head, "If I talk about it, it'll get worse."

"Whatever it is does Dr. Silverman know?" Dorian asked. I shook my head. "You
need to talk to someone, it's clearly upsetting you."

I shook my head again. "I came here because of my father."

Dorian chuckled softly, "I saw that as well. I swear I'm not following you." His
voice went back to the calm demeanor that meant I was safe. "Your father upsets
you? This upsets you? I see now why your standing appointment remains."

I turned to Dorian, I couldn't imagine the sight I was, my eyes were probably
puffy and red, tear stains streaking my cheeks. I was holding a fireball above
my hand, the orange glow dancing in both of our eyes. I gave Dorian a fake
smile, "Are you still watching over me?"

Dorian smiled reassuring, it was soft and it did the job. I could feel the
childhood safety of his office. Everything I said there was between us - and his
records. He recorded everything. "You are cesari." He said.

That one statement alone made my heart sink. He followed me because I was his
niche - nothing more. I frowned and turned around and threw a few more
fireballs. As I formed another I heard Dorian stand up, I saw him out of the
corner of my eye as he stood next to me. "I care what happens to you, Nox. As
every other child here. I continue to keep tabs on you because you are cesari.
It does not change the fact that I care."

I threw the fireball and wove another pattern. Dorian continued, "I will tell
you what I think this is then. I think the orange door reminded you of what
Garret did to you behind the veil here."

My world crashed around me. My breathing stopped, my heart speed up if that were
even possible, it had already been cantering at high speed with the fear that
coursed through my body. The fireball I'd been creating fizzled in my hand.

Dorian put his hand on my shoulder, "Breathe, Nox."

As if it were a command I took a gasping breath and fell to my knees. "What do
you know?" I whispered, I could barely hear it but it sounded like thunder in my
ears.

Dorian sat down on the concrete floor to my left, just out of reach, he was
being careful, but he was concerned, I could see the patterns shifting around
him, this was upsetting him as much as it was me. He put his hands on his knees,
"I don't KNOW anything. I suspect a great many things. Garret did something to
you, and you set him on fire. That is all I know. But I know you wouldn't do
that without provoking, it was no accident I know that much."

I felt five again. My body hurt, I could feel the lashes across my back, I
wanted to curl up into a little ball and die. It had been a very long time since
I'd felt like this. I fell backwards to sit on the cold concrete instead of
kneel. I pulled my knees up to my chest and hung my head against them. I could
feel the fear and the pain again. I'd moved past this. It was a waking
nightmare. I hadn't had one in years. I whispered, "He beat me."

I heard a hitch in Dorian's breath that indicated that was what he suspected. He
didn't react like I expected, he didn't move to hug me, try to comfort me, he
didn't take pity on the grown man curled up in the fetus position crying. He
spoke calmly and softly and I could feel the tension leaving my body, "I moved
you from his tutelage because I suspected. I've watched him since. I cannot pin
anything on him. All recordings of you were veiled."

I sat there listening to my breathing, and to Dorian's. We sat there for a good
while, thankfully I'd stopped crying. I straigthened my back and I put on a
grin. "Was there something I could help you with?"

Dorian's smile was strained, he was putting on a good face as he shook his head.
"I had just come from seeing a new student's test when I saw you standing in
front of this room. You looked lost."

My lip curled in a half smile, "You said that already." I stood up and took a
deep breath. "I'd rather anyone else not know."

Dorian nodded, "I will tell no one, you know this." Dorian reached a hand to my
arm and smiled at me, "You had a date, yes?"

I laughed, it felt hollow but it was there, I could feel it bubbling inside,
knew it was good to move on, move past the depression that always followed the
waking nightmare. "She said it's not a date. Though I doubt I'll be good
company."

Dorian took a cautious step closer and put his other hand on my arm, "Go. Forget
about here. Forget about what happened, be young. I will make sure Dae'lin gives
you some time. I can't promise much, but I can promise some."

I shook my head, "You don't have to."

Dorian grinned, "Yes I do. Go, Nox. Free these memories. Speak with Margo
tomorrow, tell her about it. Please? I think it'll help." Dorian grabbed my
things, he smiled as he noticed the papers were his. "I will take these to your
room. You go. I'm sure being early won't be bad."

I nodded and Dorian waited for me to walk out the door. I grinned at him and
brushed my lips against his cheek and whispered, "Thank you." He smelled like he
always did, of cinamon and vanilla. I could get lost in that scent. I wanted to.
The happy thoughts carried me out the door of the fire starter training room.

# Bigger Distractions

_Sunday, June 14, 2015 6:30 PM_

The walk to the hotel only helped my mood slightly. It was good to finally walk
somewhere instead of having to drive everywhere. I passed two pizza places and a
few Starbucks. I stopped in at a Starbucks on the corner and grabbed a Tall
Caramel Cocoa Cluster Frappuccino with coconut milk and no whipcream. God, I
missed this!

I sipped at my coffee as I walked into Pennsylvania Hotel and stopped at
reception. I probably should have changed, my 'Wanna screw?' t-shirt was hardly
appropriate. I pulled the zipper on my hoodie up to cover the image. At least I
could do that. I hoped it wasn't hot up in Stella's room.

The woman at the front desk looked bored, she stared at her screen twirling her
long straight brown hair. She needed to pull it away from her face and neck, a
pair of dangling earrings would look good against her long neck. I sighed,
seriously needed to get laid...

I smiled at the woman, her name was Elaine. "I'm here to see Stella. I didn't
ask her last name, she's a toddler with her." I pulled out my phone and looked
for Stella's last call. "She's in room 405?"

Elaine smiled at me, her teeth were yellowed from smoking more than likely I
tried not to roll my eyes. "Ms. Row said someone might be stopping by. She said
to send you up." The woman nodded to me and pointed to a row of elevators, "You
can take those up and you'll be almost there." She looked down at some notes on
her desk. "Are you Nox? You look like he described."

I laughed softly, "I was described how?"

She blushed, it was endearing. "Tall, wearing a navy blue hoodie, blue jeans and
a pair of worn Nike's - likely covering his offensive t-shirt."

I couldn't help laughing out loud. I got shushed from a woman with a pettite
little dog under her arm. I smiled as I unzipped my hoodie and showed her the
saying, she blushed again. My smile grew wider as I put my elbow on the desk.
"Yes I'm Nox. What did you need Duckling?" I used my most seductive voice and
was rewarded with a blush and a figdet from her hands.

But she recovered quickly. "Your friend called, said to bring this up with you."
She handed me a chilled bottle of wine. Dorian... "It's paid for." I grinned, of
course it was.

"Thanks Elaine. When he calls back, and I know he will, tell him exactly this,
'Thanks love, would rather drink with you.'" I winked at her, let her figure
that one out. I headed towards the elevator that I was told to and sipped at my
coffee as I tried not to think about the elevator. I had plenty of other things
to occupy my mind. Dorian was trying to get me laid, I must be really bad if the
proud and proper Scrin was trying to insure I had a good time on my not a date.
I had a perfectly good human girl waiting on me and I couldn't get that man out
of my head. He was almost as confusing as Stella was.

I knocked on room 405 and I heart "Shit!" called out from the otherside of the
door. I was chuckling to myself when Stella opened the door with a plush white
tower wrapping her red locks and another wrapped around her chest. My eyes
wandered down she wasn't wearing much underneath the towerl either. I let my
gaze rise slowly and grinned at her. I wanted to her to know I approved but I
wouldn't take another peek, or at least I'd try not to.

She laughed, "At least you aren't trying to hide it." She opened the door wider,
"Come on in, let me get dressed."

I walked in to her posh room. It was hardwood floors, the bedding was already
rumbled in her single queen size bed, there was a couch and a table, and the
playpen in the middle of the floor held a sleeping baby. I walked back towards
the bathroom and leaned against the adjoining wall. I could have stood in the
doorway she'd left open but I'd behave myself on this not-a-date.

I grinned happily, "You didn't have to shower for me."

Stella laughed, it was infectious and my smile grew. "If I told you it wasn't
because you were coming over I'd be lying, but I showered a few hours ago. Aidan
has been a royal terror since we got in."

I chuckled softly, "We'll at least he's sleeping now."

She poked her head out the door, her hair was still wet but she wore a green
camasole and a pair of black jeans. I could see the straps of her panties over
the top of her hip huggers and grinned to myself. She smiled at me as she snuck
back into the bathroom, "Thank god. I really didn't know what I was going to do
with him."

"He would have been fine. I'm not breakable." I teased.

She laughed, "He can bench press his truck now. Did you get things straightened
out?"

I shook my head but I knew she couldn't see, "No. My day got worse too."

Stella came out with a black see through wrap over her green camasole but that
was the only other change to her attire that I could notice since she poked her
head out before. She had taken the time to put on a little make up and I felt
slightly underdressed now.

She plucked the bottle of wine from my hand. "Wine and coffee?"

I laughed softly as we walked into the other room. "I bought the coffee on the
way over. My friend called and ordered the wine."

"Jason?" she asked with a flip in her voice, like she expected there to be more
to us than meets the eye.

I laughed, "No, like I said he went home to his wife. Just another friend, who
knew you'd like wine."

She grined at me, "At least he understands women better than you."

"You have no idea, Stella."

Stella frowned, "Don't tell me he's gay?"

I nodded with a smile, "He is." I handed her two plastic cups from near the ice
container. "The best I can offer."

Stella took them and poured two glasses of wine and took a big swig of it before
she refilled hers. How easy it would be to get her in bed. I pushed the thought
away as quickly as it came as I took a sip of the wine. She commented, "Good
vintage."

I smiled, "If you say so. I'm more a beer guy."

"That doesn't surprise me. Food should be here soon." Stella walked closer to me
and smiled up at me. I swallowed hard she was making me want to do bad things to
her just by standing near her.

"Your friend. You like him?" She was ever inquisitive about my life.

"You sure are curious about me." She smiled up at me and I sighed, "Yes. I like
him. He's far more attractive than I remember." Not to mention the fact that
Dorian just has something about him right now that pulls me towards him, but I
didn't say that.

She sighed with releif and I knew what was coming next, "I want to set the stage
right now before you get the wrong idea."

I closed the distance between us and put my finger to her lips to quiet her.
"You don't have to say it. I know the words already. You want to be friends.
It's not you, it's me." I grinned at her and she looked like I'd hurt her, I
stepped away. "It's alright, I really didn't come her looking to get laid.
Disappointed a little, if you hadn't traveled with Aidan I would have tried, but
I'm not that guy."

She still looked hurt, "You hear that alot? Why did you come then?"

I took a deep breath, "I was encouraged by my friend to clear my head. And no, I
don't hear that a lot. I don't hit on people who would generally say no."

She frowned, "So you weren't hitting on me?"

I shurgged, "I was, I didn't expect to see you again. It was safe. I didn't
think you'd like some punk kid."

"You aren't a punk kid." She put her hand against my cheek and I pulled it way.

"I am. You just don't know me." I stepped away, "I should go, this was a bad
idea."

Stella caught my arms and I froze, the painful memories started to come to the
surface and I stamped them down with a large hammer. She moved around to look up
at me, "You don't have to. We can be friends."

I rolled my eyes, "I'm not that gay friend every girl has." I pulled my arm from
her.

Stella laughed but it was strained, "No, but you know New York better than I do.
If I get the job you'll be the only person I know. Please don't go like this."

A knock came and Stella smiled, "And besides the food is here now, there is no
point in it going to waste. If you want to go when we are finished that's okay."

I nodded, "Alright."

The bell hop pushed the cart into the room and lifted the lid. I smiled burgers
and fries. Stella smiled shyly, "I figured everyone likes burgers."

"Not wrong there." I tipped the bell hop and set the lids to the side and pulled
the cart close to the couch. I took a bit and found it passable. I could do
better. But I kept my thoughts to myself. Stella had thought I'd come to take
advantage of her. She dressed to kill and she turned me down, my self esteem was
just plumetting. I really needed to just go home, throw a few more fireballs or
punch the bag. I could call Margo.

"Tell me about your friend?" Stella inquired, more questions about me.

I sighed, "I'd rather not talk about it." I felt like crap, it was showing
through my normal upbeat exterior, I needed to go home.

Stella frowned, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to..."

I shook my head, "It wasn't you, my day has gotten shittier and shittier since I
woke up."

"Do you want to talk about it?"

I laughed, "Why does everyone think I want to talk about things? Thanks but no.
I've an appointment with my shrink tomorrow, I'll talk then. I should go."

Stella frowned, "You didn't finish."

I shrugged as I stood up, "I lost my appetite. I'm sorry. Call me tomorrow, I'll
be in a better mood. Let me know how the inteview went."

She was looking down at the plate, she was frowning, "I'm surprised you care."

I frowned, "I'm having a bad day. I care if you get the job, I am just not good
company. I'm sorry."

I headed for the door and I could hear Stella make some sort of sound. I turned
around and I saw a tear sliding down her cheek. "I'm sorry. Please, call me
tomrrow. But I'll understand if you don't."

Stella frowned, "I'm sorry this didn't go as planned. I..."

I smiled at Stella and walked back to her and knelt down in front of her, "Shhh.
It's okay. I'm not the kinda guy you want to get to know, Stella. I've not had a
solid relationship in... ever. And you know more about me than most people I've
slept with already. You don't want to know me."

She punched me in the shoulder, she looked like she wanted to yell. I could feel
the panic rising inside and I put on a grin. I fought to keep my calm around me,
to stay in my happy place. "You are a shit you know that. You can't say one nice
thing about yourself, it's no wonder you've never had a relationship, just
meaningless sex."

I shrugged and stood up, she had me pegged already and I smiled. "I'm okay with
that."

Stella frowned, "Get out...." She turned away from me and I sighed. "Please."

I did as she asked. I dropped some cash on the cart and hoped it was enough to
cover the whole bill. As I walked out the door my phone buzzed. I shut the door
and once I stepped into the elevator I looked at my phone, Dorian sent me a
text, 'She's getting antsy, you should come back soon.'

I sighed of course I wasn't going to get to calm down. I typed Dorian a message,
'On my way. Thanks for the wine. Got shot down before I got in the door.'

The elevator dinged and I stepped out into the lobby and started my walk back to
the compound.

# Procreation

_Sunday, June 14, 2015 7:15 PM_

I stopped at the same Starbucks on the way home and grabbed the same thing. I
didn't expect to be sleeping the way I felt, so the coffee wasn't going to hurt
that any. I took the stairs. I didn't feel like adding more to my already full
plate. My father, my dreams, Stella. The only good thing that happened was
finding out I liked Dorian, and that wasn't looking great either. So my mood was
shot when I walked into the main office area.

A crowd of people were standing in front of the stair well their backs were to
me. A familiar face turned and saw me and slipped away from the mass of
questions and answers that I couldn't begin to understand with everyone talking
at one another.

Dorian's bright smile and blue eyes faded the moment he saw me. I had to look
bad. He put his arm around my shoulders. "You should go before they see you.
You'll just get put to work."

I shook my head, "Work is fine." I smiled at him, "Thanks though."

Dorian nodded and I slipped out from under his comforting arm and walked the
edge of the crowd. They were all asking questions, and Dae'lin was doing her
best to control things. My father rounded a corner and he took charge.
"Everyone. Just go. We've got it under control."

The crowd looked at him and dispersed, it was kinda funny really. It left
Dae'lin standing exasperated until she saw me and then her fury rose. I could
feel the temperature in the room rise. Kai looked at her and frowned, "Dae'lin,
just stop. We don't need your boy toy here to look at it, we can figure it out."

Boy toy. Is that what he thought I was. I'm glad he thinks so little of me. I
frowned, but I asked, "Look at what?"

Dae'lin frowned, "A package your father got. I want you to look at it. His
so-called experts let the other one blow up."

I started to ask something but Dorian intercepted my question, "No one was hurt.
They had it contained." He turned to Kai, "Let him look, it's not going to hurt
anything."

Kai sighed and nodded, "Fine. I want to watch."

Dae'lin lead the way towards the testing rooms, at least it wasn't a fire
starter room I don't think I could have done that again today, and definately
not with someone watching me. Though had I known Dorian was around I probably
would have moved on instead of tried that.

Dorian walked next to me, he kept glancing at me, I assured him, "I'll be okay."

He nodded, "As you say." He still shot me glances but I did my best to ignore
the questions that ran through my head. Kai and Dae'lin lead the way. Dorian and
Kai went in and Dae'lin caught my arm before I could go in. "Where were you?"

I laughed, "Does it matter? I'm here."

She sighed, "Yes, it matters. Jason told me you had a date."

"So? It's not any of your business."

"You know damn well it is my business." Dae'lin shouted at me.

My hackels rose and I took a step back. "It is no concern who I sleep with until
I sign that damn paper Dae'lin. I have neither agree nor denied your request."

Dae'lin's anger rose, "So you did sleep with her?" The patterns around her rose
higher and higher I could feel the temperature rise, I could almost see the fire
burning around her.

I wrapped Dae'lin in water and watched her spit and sputter at me. "It is none
of your business whether or not I slept with her." I walked into the testing
room where Dorian and Kai were trying to ignore their arguement.

Dae'lin opened the door still dripping wet, "That was uncalled for!"

I turned around and saw the damage the water had done, her shirt was plastered
to her body and showed off every curve. I smiled at her and she ignored my
looking at her. "You need to do this Nox."

I laughed, "I don't NEED to do anything with you. You are the best genetic match
to creating a Cesari. You are nothing more than an incubator for the Venatori.
We do their bidding why? I can find someone I actually like Dae'lin."

She huffed and air wrapped me up and threw me against the wall. I could feel the
panic trying to rise, the sense of self preservation leeching from my body but I
grinned at Dae'lin. "Keep it up Dae'lin or you'll be moved to the back of the
line. I do not NEED to sleep with you, or procreate with you. You need me, not
the other way around. My life is fine just the way it is."

Dorian stood up and walked in front of Dae'lin. "We got this, why don't you go
find something dry to wear."

Dae'lin glared at him and let the patterns of air drop that were holding me to
the wall. She left saying, "Ever the diplomat, aren't you Dorian?"

He didn't say anything only indicate that I take a chair. I looked at the brown
package on the table. Kai was standing in a corner, as far from the package as
he could get yet still be in the room. Dorian sat next to me hunched over
looking.

I smiled, it was good to be trusted. I wove a ball of air around the package.
"Do we have any data on the one that your experts blew up?" I looked up at Kai.

He shrugged, Dorian pushed the papers towards me. He nodded. I smiled, "Can you
tell me the blast radius?" I knew Dorian would know the stats I wanted without
having to rummage through the report.

Kai hurmphed in the corner and I just continued to look at Dorian while he did
the search in his photographic memory. To have that would be nice and such a
pain in the ass.

Dorian grabbed the paperwork and flipped to a page and set the report back down
so I could read at my leisure. "About 6 feet in diameter."

"So 3 feet radius?" Dorian gave me a lopsided grin, "Look at the picture I
drew."

"Okay." I looked at the page Dorian had flipped over and saw why he'd been
hesitant to give me a complete answer. "A focus'd blast. That's impressive." I
started making adjustments to my shield and looked up at my father standing in
the corner. "Can you come on this side, please? I would rather exert the forces
needed in a smaller scale than around the whole thing."

Kai asked, "What are you doing?" But he moved as I'd asked and pulled up a chair
on the other side of me.

"Keeping us from blowing up right now. Making a shield of air and earth that
should keep the blast contained." If it blew up in the same general direction
all around it would have been easier, but I didn't know which way the focus
would be. And I didn't want to examine too close before having adequate
protection.

I took a deep breath and looked past the shield in order to see the patterns
around the box. "You don't know who delivered the box."

It wasn't a question but Kai answered anyway, "That's correct. We dusted for
finger prints but found none."

"And you didn't try to open it so that's good." I commented without thinking
about how Kai might take it.

Dorian interjected before Kai could get angry, "Your father is a smart man. He
wouldn't step in the viper pit if he knew it was there."

I grinned, "The vipers would probably just run away anyway."

Kai gave a curt laugh and I could see the smile on his face. Dorian chuckled
softly then prompted me, "What do you see?"

"All kinds of weird shit. The patterns shouldn't eminate from a box like this.
Bomb or no bomb. It's like water, it's moving. Stable patterns don't move.
Unless it's meant to, this isn't meant to. It's almost like the person can't see
the pattern. The structure is missing, but the peices are all here. Kinda like
geletain without a mold. What do you see, oh master of patterns?" I turned to
wink at Dorian.

Dorian shook his head. "I'm not a master of patterns. I can see each element. I
see complexities I've never seen. I don't see the movment you suggest though."

"Look a little harder and you'll see it. Think like a magnifying glass in your
head. Zoom in to see greater detail."

Dorian looked at me with his head tilted to the side, like a puppy does when it
can't understand what you are doing. It was endearing. He shook his head to
clear his own thoughts and turned to look at the patter, I watched Dorian. We
sat in silence, I glanced at Kai, he seemed to be trying as well. I turned and
saw the recognition on Dorian's face before he exclaimed, 'Holy. Mother...."

I laughed, "See told ya."

"I'm going to start poking at the bomb, do you want to be in here?"

Dorian pulled the chair closer and I smiled, "Suit yourself."

I looked to my father he shrugged, "I'm already here."

The patterns were everywhere, I poked at it with air. It was maleable yet
resistant to my pushing. The patterns weren't going to unravel at the faintest
touch, that was good. I'd have hated to have it blow up in my face.

Dorian spoke in his instructor voice, I wondered if he did it on purpose, "Tell
me what you are doing or tyring to do."

"I'm trying to see if there are any pressure points on the box itself. Opening
it clearly is a trigger, just wondering if there is something more. I'm watching
how the patterns react as I poke them in different places in the pattern. Seeing
if it'll unravel."

I turned to look at my father, he was intently watching but he looked
bewildered, "What do you see?"

"I see only what I can manipulate."

I nodded, "Earth and Fire, right?" It didn't matter what Kai answered I knew the
answer already, I contuned. "Water is hard to see. Think in colors. Red for
fire, brown for earth. Blue is water, Green or yellow can be air. Try looking
for the other colors."

I started drawing with fire the patterns Kai couldn't see of water and air.
"This is vaguely what the air pattern looks like."

Kai sat back in his chair astonishment written alover his face. "How do you get
past the bubble of air? Now that I can see air that's all I see."

I grinned but Dorian was the one to answer. "It just takes practice. Focus past
it, like you are taking a picture of something just the other side of it."

I watched my father as he tried, I could see the sweat beading on his forehead
and the concentration in his eyes. He sat back in his chair with a look of
defeat. "It's alright, that's pretty good for your first time seeing air." I
smiled at him reassuring, it would have been a lot harder.

I went back to the box and traced the patterns with fire, mostly for Kai but it
helped me put things in perspective. I talked my way through how the peices fell
together, how one connected to another, how it was unstable. I didn't want to
pull at the pattern. So I started enhancing it, stabalizing it. I wanted to see
what it would look like without the weaknesses it had.

We sat in near silence for the better part of an hour where I puzzled through
the pattern. I smiled at the masterpeice. It really was beautiful. The completed
patterns together to form this explosive peice of work. I pulled at very
specific points in the patterns and the patterns disappainted into nothingness.
Completely gone and unharmed.

Kai stood up and I dropped my shield and he opened the box slowly almost like he
didn't trust me. I probably didn't trust me either if I was him. Inside the boks
there as a typed message "Boom! I hope your family liked my little surprise -A"

No one touched the paper. Maybe there would be some information to be found
inside the box. Things that should have been destroyed. Kai smiled, "Forensics
will take care of this now."

I nodded, "Alright. I'm going to go look for connections. I have some thoughts."
It felt better than I did when I came in. Working had been good. I left Dorian
and Kai chatting about their next move, mostly forensic stuff. Stuff I couldn't
be helpful with, so I left with a nod to my father and I brushed my fingers
against the back of Dorian's hand. He smiled and nodded farewell as he continued
his conversation with Kai. I felt better definitely.

# No Sleep

_Sunday, June 14, 2015 8:45 PM_

I needed to blow off steam. Working had helped but the first moment my mind was
left alone everything started trying to get my attention. Things had not gone
well with Stella, not that it really mattered, I was less likely to see her
again than anyone else that was plaguing my mind.

I tried to focus on the task at hand, but it was difficult as I took the stairs
to my room two at a time as fast as I could. I eventually just focused on the
stairs and my upward ascent. I was barely winded when I reached the right floor,
but I felt better.

I opened the door to my bland room and grabbed my laptop that Dorian had safely
set on the table with the papers he'd given me. I let them drop on to bed, they
bounced softly and sank into the comforter and mattress, that was a good sign
anyway, it wasn't rock hard.

My bags were still on my bed and I moved them carefully to the floor so that I
could use the bed to work comofortably. I pushed the laptop up by the pillows
and found a plug so my battery didn't die in the middle of things. It was
annoying getting the battery low message.

I set the papers down next to the laptop and laid down on my stomach and typed
in to the database search feature of the Venatori records "Vega + Viddens". I
had no idea what it might bring up. But it was my theory that there was a
connection to something the two of them worked on. It was personal, the letter
inside confirmed that suspicion.

There was nothing more to do than sit and wait for things to run through the
search parameters and I didn't really need to be here for that. I rolled over
onto my back and thumbed through the files Dorian had given me. It was a good
portion of information that he'd collected on Cesari in general, me
specifically, some stuff on Mark Green and the other resident cesari. There
seemed to be alot of statistics, stastics I already knew.

When I was in my early teens I had thought if I knew things about myself in
terms of numbers and facts I might have a better understanding of things. All it
did was prove to me that I was different. My birth alone was infintismally
small. The fact that I was cesari only slightly bigger than that. My strength in
the elements only slightly higher than that. Put everything together and I was
improbable, not impossible because here I sat alive and kicking. Though
sometimes I wondered if I was impossible.

Dorian also gave me a few odd cases of other Venatori who had gone rogue. They
had nothing to do with Kai or his father, but they were interesting reads. But
not interesting enough to keep my full attention. I dozed and my computer dinged
as the search finished and I was roused.

I rolled over on to my stomach again heedless of the papers that crumbled
underneath me. I assume they were my copies, Dorian was not one to give me
originals or the only copy. Dae'lin either for that matter - it was always
copies, the originals weren't actually orginals either, as they were printouts
of what was digitally entered.

The search results were anything and everything with mention of Kai and Emilio.
At the top were old entries from the headmasters and teachers during Kai's and
Emilio's youth. While they were not relatvant I hadn't expected to see them.
Dae'lin must have upped my security clearance. I poked around those files for a
little while.

I found my father was a trouble maker. Emilio was the peace keeper it seemed -
always caught with Kai but always trying to stop things too before they went too
far. Sounded like him and Jace. Kai was also a firestarter and he spent a lot
more time in confinement than I had.

While I had only started one fire in my room. Kia had started five before he was
released into general population. The more I read about my father the more I
found similarities between the way we grew up, and the more I found the
differences too. For everything we had in common there was a defined difference
in things. Kai was not disliked from what I could tell. He was a perfect
Venatori.

Me, my sexual preferences were the least of my issues. If it were not for Jace
I'd probably had it bad off if I survived at all. Between the bullying and my
own self-esteem issues I'm lucky I hadn't tried to kill myself. But offing
myself was not really ever an option, I liked myself too much. I really don't
care what others think of me. They matter very little in the whole scheme of
things.

I pulled myself out of Kai's life and our similarities and differences and back
into the case. I scanned for any mission that might stand out. Something that
would fit the profile Dorian had created for the perpentrator, if they were
cesari and untrained there was nothing in those files that pointed to anyone
inparticular.

There were two exile cases that I set aside to take a look at later. I yawned
and rubbed at my eyes, I could feel sleep on the edge I hadn't slept well in
ages, the bed was at least comfortable. I let myself drift into nothingness.

# Best Friends

_Monday, June 15, 2015 7:30AM_

The sounds of my dreamscape changed from the snap of air and earth against my
skin to pounding. As the last blow was about to strike I started awake panting
and sweating with someone beating on the door to my room. My shirt was damp with
sweat. I groggily yelled, "In a second."

I'd fallen asleep staring at the screen, my head hurt, my back ached and I felt
even worse than I had before falling asleep. I pulled myself from the bed and
checked the time on my phone. I was surprised to find the time later than I
thought, I had apparently swipped my 5am wake up call and fell back asleep. The
bed had been too comfortable after sleeping on the ground for weeks.

I eventually made my way to the door and opened it slowly. I peeked out the door
and saw a grinning face beaming at me and then slowly frown, "Shit man!" Jace
pushed his way through the door. "You look like shit. Nightmares still?"

I nodded my head as I shut the door behind him. I squeezed my eyes shut as he
flipped on the light and started making coffee. I smiled, he knew me too well.

Jace turned from the now brewing coffee, "Go grab a shower. Coffee will be ready
and then we can go get breakfast."

I nodded again and blew Jace a kiss in thanks. He swatted it away as he always
did and grinned madly at me. I grabbed a pair of boxers and headed in to the
bathroom, hoping there were towels of decent quailty in there.

I was rewarded with white plush hotelesque towels and was thankful for the
decency of the compound facilities, so much better than some hotels. If I stuck
around I would be able to decorate a permanant room, this one was bland for a
reason, so it didn't offend anyone. Blandness apparently was the least offensive
of the possiblities.

The shower pressure was awesome and the water was hot. I could feel the aches
leaving as the water scalded my skin. I felt dirty even though I'd not done
anything majorly dirty. I always did after my nightmares. I truly would have
felt better if I'd gotten my morning workout in but such was life. Today I'd
have to survive on coffee and a shower.

I finsihed up pulling my boxers on and walking out of the bathroom into a very
cold room, I hadn't realized the air was down so low.

Jace gave a polite whistel and I grinned as I pulled out an ordinary t-shirt -
just a little faded red, no sayings. Least offensive today sounded good. A black
pair of jeans my black hoodie would round out things with my Nikes.

I tied the last laces on my shoes as Jace brought me a cup of coffee. "Like old
times."

I grined up at him and took the warm cup in my hands and drank a scalding
swallow, "At least you didn't burn it this time."

Jace laughed. "I missed you too. Stick around this time alright? I don't know if
I can be a dad without my friend to keep my grounded."

"You will be great Jace. You are good with kids." He was. He was always helpful
to those younger than him. He may not have been the brightest dude in school,
but when it came to figuring out the little pnuemonic tricks to remember things
Jace was king. But then again Jace had a near photographic memory, but unlike
Dorian his talent was for shorthands. Another talent worthy of the Venatori. Was
I jealous? Yeah probably. I had to be honest with myself, to be normal one way
or the other would have been great.

Jace started rambling in his souther cagjun accent and I couldn't understand
him. He flopped backwards and his hands flailed over his head. And before I
could react I watched my laptop fall to the floor. Even Jace hadn't had the
speed to catch it from the angle he was at. He blushed furiously, "Sorry man."

I shook my head as I made my way around to pick it up, it was damaged beyond
repair. "I did need a new one." It was about time to upgrade, but I hoped I
could salvage the data, I may not own a lot but all my music was sitting on that
harddrive and I'd like to get that back.

"I'll take it to IT to see if I can retreive the dta." Jace looked pitiful. I
grinned at him, "It's alright, promise."

Jace sighed, "I'll help replace it. But right now breakfast. Your coffee is
done."

I nodded, "Alright to breakfast, not to you helping replace it. I can manage
that all on my own. I really did need to replace it."

Jason looked at my shirt and frowned, "What no naugty saying." His frown
deepened, "Mia made me get rid of mine, I could live vicariously through you,
but NO, you have to be polite today."

I grinned at Jace, "I do own a few that aren't like that you know."

Jace sighed, "Mia says they are childish. I guess I'm a grown up now."

"You are going to be a dad after all. But we all know I am childish."

Jace punched me in the shoulder and headed out the door, "I was too. You'll
settle down with someone sooner or later and they'll make you change too."

I barked a laugh, "Yeah right. Me settle down?" Of course it was all an act.
Margo says I need to find someone, and said I should stop pushing people away.
But she also confirms it's how I've survived with my fears so it's a coping
mechanism. One day, maybe I'll stop, when I find that right person. Right now it
didn't matter.

We walked downstairs, breakfast was in full swing, the line was empty, but the
cafeteria was full of people talking and eating with friends or alone. It was
almost a homecoming. Heads turned as I walked in, it was not a rare occurance.
It was offputting. Thankfully no one stared it was mostly those looking up to
see who entered and see if they'd have company, but there were a few sneers. It
could be my imagination.

We started into the food service area and Ms. Sheila was standing behind the
plate glass barrier in her hair net and apron and I smiled at her, "Good Morning
Ms. Sheila."

She looked up from the plate she was dishing out with a smile. "Well, look-ee
here. Ain't you a sight for sore eyes. All growed up and everything. I heard you
were back in town."

I grinned, "All growed up, at least on the outside. I'll have whatever you got
cooking."

She nodded her head and started plating as she spoke, "I remember the first day
you showed up here with Dorian Vega. So small and quiet. Look at you now. Loud
and obnoxious and not so small."

"Yes, ma'am, that was a long time ago."

She nodded and grinned at me as she handed me a plate.

Jason chimed in, "True dat."

I rolled my eyes at Jace. "Can't take the country out of the boy can we?"

Ms. Sheila rolled her eyes too. "Just like we can't take the sarcasm outta you
boy." She smiled. "Move along now before you hold up the line."

I laughed, "Line? We are the last of the line." As the words left my mouth a
gaggle of teenage girls entered the doorway. Jace moved past me avoiding the
girls and heading through the rest of the line. I turned and watched him leave
through the exit. "How things have changed!" Jace would have flirted before,
growing up, becoming a dad, getting married, something hand changed my best
friend - probably for the better.

I nodded farewell to Ms. Sheila, "Until dinner." I gave her a flourished bow and
the girls behind me giggled. I turned to them with the same bow, "Ladies." More
giggling followed me out the door as I heard Ms. Sheila comment, "Always the
flirt." I couldn't let anyone down now could I.

I put my food on my new tab starting and they'd deduct cost from my so-called
pay check. Not that I really got paid anyway. It was all a supliment and no one
ever said anything unless you go way over budget. I'd never balanced a book in
my life.

I sat across from Jace at a table, "Girls bother you?"

Jace shook his head, "No man, those are some mean bitches."

I raised my eyebrow at him, "Nothing they can say or do that I've not already
had done to me."

Jace grinned at me, "Yeah but I ain't you. And 'sides, Mia would kill me if they
started spreading untrue rumors."

"Ah. Mia. That explains alot."

Jace gave me a dirty look as I glanced down at my plate to see what adorned it.
Bacon, eggs, extra toast and two glorious cups of coffee, one in a to-go cup
even. I adored Ms. Sheila.

I started eating slowly, everything was a reminder of this place, even eating.
I'd been told not to rush my first day. Lunch with Dorian, in the middle of my
first test, I'd been shoveling food as fast as Jace was now. I wondered if my
friend was in a hurry. I looked up at him and he grinned, "I'm running late.
Class."

I mouthed, "Ah!" I looked up at the entrance of the cafeteria as I brought a
fork full of eggs to my mouth and it froze there. Aaron Woolbright, my
ex-roommate, and my biggest bully walked in the door with a bunch of boys
following in his wake. I finished the bite of food as I saw them walk towards me
and Jace.

Where there had been whispers before, there was none now. The entire cafeteria
was quiet and all eyes were on me and Aaron. I took a deep breath pushing down
the fear that the man brought up in me.

In the moments that it took Aaron to walk to me I assessed the large black man
who once had threatened my everyday life. He looked like he lived in the gym,
the boys that followed were a poor imitation of him. His baseball cap that he
wore backwards sported the colors of the White Sox, his home team. I still
dressed and walked like the thug that he was.

Jace turned around to see what was going on and frowned, "Let's go Nox. We don't
need this."

I shook my head, "I'm not going anywhere." I wanted to add he doesn't scare me,
but he did. I knew I could handle him, he was strong in fire, but he was a brute
with it. He was a firestarter too, he'd roomed with me that first night. He was
the reason Mushu had burnt. The memory brought a small pang at the loss - my
only friend.

Jace went back to his plate and ignored things as they started to play out.
Aaron stood beside me with a nasty smile on his face, I grinned mischeviously up
at him, "Hey Aaron, long time no see."

Aaron hadn't liked my greeting, he pushed my tray across the table, I managed to
grab the to-go cup as it flew past me. At least I'd still get coffee. I watched
as it disappeared over the edge and crashed too the floor. I turned back to
Aaron and sighed, "Well that was uncalled for."

Aaron grabbed me by the collar of my t-shirt and hoodie and pulled me to my
feet. I didn't have time to react as a blow landed in my stomach knocking the
window out of me. He threw the first punch, there was witnesses. I really wasn't
in the mood for this, but I wasn't going to let these bullies have another inch.
Aaron grumbled at me "No one wants your kind here. Why don't I show you the
door?"

I pulled myself out of his grasp and backed away with a grin on my face. I
fought through the pain that radiated through my adominal muscles. I hopped he
hadn't cracked a rib. I laughed, "My kind? You mean handsome, fun, eccentric?"

That earned me another punch but I was ready this time and I had a thin wall of
air in front of me, his hand bounced back with ease. He glared at me.
"Everything's always a joke with you punk. I'll wipe that smile off your face."

The man truly was stupid he threw a second punch at my face I thickened the wall
and he slapped hard into it. "You little mother fucker."

He started gathering fire about him, I laughed and I wrapped him in air and
sucked all the air out of the bubble. Fire did nothing if it couldn't breathe,
Aaron started gasping for air. I smiled at him with malice in my eyes, "You want
to play games. Let's see how you do now that I can bend the elements freely out
of Dae'lin's mindful eye. What she gonna do now? Send me away? Yeah, that's a
punishment. Away from asshats like you. Try again, Aaron."

I let the patterns go and Aaron gasped and started to rush me but his friends
were smarter than he was and pulled him back, I smiled at them. They could take
it anyway they wanted, but I was grateful they were holding him back.

I collected the mess that had become my of my breakfast and tossed it away. I
sighed at least there was still coffee. Jace and I left the cafeteria I could
feel the eyes on my back as I left and the rush of noise started up - most
likely talking about me, but that was hardly new.

# Feeling Lighter

_Monday, June 15, 2015 8:15AM_

We walked slowly, Jace was stalling. I stopped before a stair well and asked,
"What's wrong?"

Jace shook his head, "Nothing. I don't get why you let him walk all over you at
the start. Do you know how many people would cheer if you gave him a beat down?
You could you know, beat him."

I grinned, "To prove what? That I'm bigger and badder than he is? I could care
less about him. He's a boy in a man's world. He's sitting her being big man on
campus. I've hunted vampires and dragons. And as long as I don't start the
fight, Jace, no one can say I'm being the bully when I show him just what I'm
capable of."

Jace nodded, "You should still kick the shit out of him." Jace turned to the
stair well and put his hand on the push bar, "He's gotten worse since we were
kids."

"I had noticed that. And the boys that follow him are even stupider than they
were back then."

He gave a small laugh, "I got a class to teach. If you find some free time today
stop by. Show the kids what you are all about. They've heard so much from me,
I'd love for you to jump for them so that I can show them exactly what inspired
me, so you can inspire them too."

I nodded, "Sure. I'll try to make it up there."

Jace wrapped his arm around my neck and gave me a quick hug and whispered in my
ear, "I missed you bro. Stay around."

I smiled and patted his back, "I'll try to do that too."

Jace opened the door to the stair well and left me alone. I had a few minutes
before I needed to be in Margo's office. I decided now would be a good time to
drop my laptop off in the dungeon's that the IT department called home. I took
the stairs up and headed towards my room.

In my room I sighed, we'd left the coffee pot on and now my room smelled like
burnt coffee. I dumped the pot and turned the machine off. I'd have to go buy
some air freshener or something. Nothing I could conjur up would actually remove
smell only aggitate the dust and the windows were sealed shut.

I grabbed my laptop and took the elevator down stairs to the basement. It wasn't
really a dungeon, but as a kid it had felt like one when we spent a stint
working there. It was annoying, and it smelled musty and was dark and damp. I
didn't like it.

I found the repair room and rolled my eyes at the sign on the door, it said "Bat
Cave". I knocked on the open door and stepped inside. A kid with chocolate brown
hair sat fiddling with a screw driver and small screw in some peice of
equipment. When I knocked he jumped. I appologized, "Sorry man."

He looked up at me, his name plate on his desk said "Nate Monroe".

I held up my laptop and he frowned, "You don't expect me to fix that do you."

I laughed, "No. But I was hoping that you could retreive the data on it so I
didn't lose all my files."

He frowned. "I don't really have time."

"Alright, tell me what I need to do to do it myself and I'll take care of it. I
don't have anything important for the case i'm working but I'd like to have my
music back."

Nate looked at me with disdain, "I'm sure your porn is easily replacable."

I had to laugh, it felt good to let that out. I surprised myself with the length
of my laughter. I quipped, "I dunno, some them girls I filmed are pretty damn
hot, I'd hate to lose that footage."

His eyes went wide and is mouth dropped. I grinned at his reaction, "I could
really use your help when you have time. It's not important."

Nate nodded, "You are him. Aren't you?"

"Him who?"

"Kai Viddens' half human son. I recognize you from a picture he has sitting on
his desk. You are here helping grandfather find the man who hurt Uncle Nicholas
aren't you?"

I nodded but was slightly taken aback, "Grandfather?? You must be Iris' son?"

Nate nodded, "Yeah, one of them anyway. I'll help you out if you promise me to
find that bastard." He turned red he probably would have been yelled at by Kai
or Iris. Such a strict way to live, he wouldn't have liked it.

"I'll do my best." I assured him.

Nate nodded, "That's all I can ask."

I handed Nate my card, "You can call me here with the results. A flash drive or
in the cloud someplace I can grab it would be awesome."

Nate nodded as he took the card I offered him. He glanced at my name, "Alright
Uncle Nox. I'll do that. I need to get back to work."

I nodded with a salute and headed out the door. I had just enough time to be
early for my appointment with Margo.

Margo's office was in the infirmary wings. Not where they actually had medical
emergencies or check ups but there were offices. I walked into the waiting room,
it smelled like apples. It always smelled like apples. The woman at the front
desk looked up as I walked in and a great big smile grew on her lips. "Megan. A
pleasure. It's been a while."

She tapped the intercom with a grin, "Dr. Silverman your 9:30 is here." Megan
tossed her raven locks over her shoulder and smiled at me again, "Take a seat
Nox, she'll be right with you."

I nodded and sat down in the posh chairs, the decor of the room matched that of
the scent used. It felt like a up scale apple orchard farm house. There was a
bowl of plastic apples on the coffee table, there was even a live tree in the
corner. It wasn't a real apple tree, but there were little plastic apples
hanging from it.

It was meant to be relaxing. There was forest sounds playing softly in the
speakers around the room. I leaned back in my chair and closed my eyes and
relaxed into the serenity of the atmosphere. I heard the office door open and a
pair of high heels tapping their way in my direction. There was a pause and then
she continued towards me and sat down next to me. I could smell the soft hint of
apples in Margo's perfume and smiled, "Good morning, Margo. I truly missed
this."

I could hear the smile in her voice, "We can sit here for a moment if you like."

I nodded and didn't open my eyes. "Aaron started a fight with me in the
cafeteria."

"Right to the point. As always. How did that make you feel?"

I sat up and opened my eyes and turned towards the woman who had been asking me
that question for well over 17 years. I grinned at her, "As it always does. I
didn't like it. I fought the panic that wanted to creep in. He got in one lucky
punch to the stomach. I could have lost it then."

Margo nodded, "What did you do?"

"I fought the feeling, and I blocked his other blows, he didn't like that he
started bending fire. I smothered it and him until I said my peice then walked
away."

She smiled, "That's good. Ready to go in and sit and talk more privately."

I nodded and stood up. I offered Margo my arm and she laughed, "Ever the
charmer. We did miss you."

I winked at her and then at Megan as I walked passed her. "Ever the flirt too."

I grinned, "Of course, I must be me."

Margo shook her head, "You must be the person you created at every possible
turn. You know that's not you."

And there it was, the shirnking started. I sat down in the chair and sighed,
"Yeah but if I'm the real me outside of this room or my own private thoughts I'd
be depressed, or worse dead."

Margo nodded, "I'm glad you understand that. But you have to let someone in, or
you going to be even more lonely now that Jason has a life outside of you."

I laughed, "I've spent four years away from him. I know that already. I've not
had a single relationship that lasted more than a few weeks since I left here. I
can't find it in myself to trust anyone that much."

"You push people away, Nox. You always have. Jason gave you something without
you asking, he told you he was like you. He opened up to you with his choices
and you cling to it. You have to let someone else do that for you."

I sighed and leaned back against the leather couch, "I know. I try and then I
can't. They do something that sets me off. They trap me, and it doesn't have to
be physical anymore, an emotional entrapment sets me off too."

"So tell me why you booked this appointment before you even got here."

I grinned, "I knew something would happen the moment I get in the door. I've had
Dae'lin assualt me with her desire to procreate. I met a girl on the plane over
and she wants me to be that gay friend. My father doesn't want me here, he threw
me up against a wall. Jace broke my laptop. And then there's this knew
attraction to someone I've known my entire life."

She smiled. "And who might this someone be?"

I frowned and looked down. "Dorian Vega."

Margo stopped the lift of her water glass to her lips as I said his name, she
smiled like she had some kind of hidden answer in what I'd said. "And this
bothers you more than everything else."

"Yes and no. I'm surprised I never noticed how hot he was before." I could feel
my body stir at the thought of his blue eyes, his gorgeous smile and the way his
pants fit him. I had to redirect my thoughts. "He's always been there. I don't
think I have a chance in the world. I can't imagine why he'd even consider a
punk like me."

Margo nodded, "That's not the whole of it, is it?"

I sighed and closed my eyes. "He knows more about me than anyone else in the
world. He's studied me, I'm nothing more than his claim to fame. And yet he says
he cares. He said I had to tell you something I told him. He said it would
explain a lot. And he's probably right."

"You don't want to tell me?"

"I've kept it from you since the day we met." I sat forward and opened my eyes,
I could feel the tears welling up hot in my eyes. "Garret beat me as a child. He
veiled the cameras and he used air and earth to make me spark."

Margo just nodded, "I suspected as much, and worse." I shuddered, it was reflex.
"That trigged something?"

I shook my head, "Nothing conscious. My body just reacted. I dream about it
every night. I see his face, sometimes it's morphed into demons or dragons or
various monsters. But I know it's always Garret. He hits me and I wake in fear -
every night."

"Your night terrors. I always wondered why you neer went into details about
them. Why didn't you tell me?"

"I was afraid. I was always afraid. I'm still afraid he'll torment me if he
knows I told someone. But if he touches me I'll kill him." I sighed, "This time
I won't cave to my emotions."

Margo nodded, "Let's hope it never comes to that. Is there anything else? Our
time is almost up."

I shook my head. "I'll be good. I have a case to work, my best friend back in
the area and I've a guy to keep my mind occupied hopefully."

Margo smiled, "I look forward to our next meeting." She winked at me. "I've not
had any good stories in a while."

I stuck my tongue out at her and smiled. "Thanks. I'll see you next week." I
stood up and walked to the door. "I'll figure out Dorian someday, don't think
it'll be by next week." I opened the door and stopped at Megan's desk.

She looked up at me, "Same time next week?"

I nodded with a wink, "Yes ma'am."

She smiled, "I'll schedule you in. See you next week Nox."

I waved at Megan and Margo as I walked out the door. I didn't feel better, but I
felt lighter. I always felt lighter after I talked with Margo.

# Gathering Information

_Monday, June 15, 2015 10:30AM_

I could go see Jace and his class now, but it was probably better to get some
more work done. I didn't really get anywhere yesterday, but I did have some new
thoughts now. What if among the Exuli there were Magnus who were working with
one of the two that Kai and Emilio had a hand in? It was a thought, and one that
I'd have a hard time making ends meet without my computer.

So I headed towards the Archives. The archives was full of written records and
up until recently had been run by the old fashioned card catalog systems. Now
everything was digitized and searchable, but the archives were still up todate
with every record ever created, even digitally. It was some lowly technical
savvy Scrin's job to print the reports and make sure everything was up todate in
the archive records. An audious task but necessary. God forbid the apocolypse
happened. And yes, the Venatori beleived one day technology would fail. A long
lived supernatural race beleived in a great many things, and it was that fear
that kept us on task.

As I walked into the Archives I was still amazed at the shear number of books
and tomes that lined the walls. There were rows upon rows of shelvings, all
filled to the brim with books. We may not live forever like the Aeternus that
started this mission, but their records lived on in us and we followed our
purpose without hesitation.

In the center of the first room there was a woman, she had goregeous green eyes
that were only enhanced by the bronzing of her skin and the white of her smile.
Her eyes sparkeled as she smiled at me when she noticed I'd walked in. I'd been
in here before but I was much younger. I recognized the woman but I couldn't put
a name to the face. She had aged well, but you could tell she tried to dye her
graying hair.

I smiled at her as I approached the desk. I noticed the long emerald green
pendants dangling from silver chains along her long neck, she was exquisit.
Though not a woman even remotely in my ball park as the ring on her left ring
finger spoke of her holy matrimony. She looked a faithful woman.

She smiled, "I didn't expect to see you here."

I frowned playfully, "Why not?" She knew who I was, I was at a disadvantage, I
disliked that feeling. But she was friendly enough my defense mechanisms didn't
kick into gear, at least not right away.

"Your father was very adamant you not be brought into this. But you are probably
one of the most tech savvy of the hunters, I expect your computers could do the
work faster." The smile never left the woman's mouth, she was kind and motherly
and she clearly knew me well.

I stated the obvious, ""So you know who I am then, and why I'm here?"

The woman nodded, "Yes. You are Nox Sétana. My son speaks highly of your
abilities as both Magnus and venatori alike."

There was only one person who spoke highly of my skills and that was Dorian
Vega. He was the only one who thought I was special and unique. Everyone else
pretty much thought I was inferior, unworthy of breathing the same air.

I grinned at her, "And that would make you Dolores Vega." She offered me her
hand I shook firmly and then kissed the middle knuckle. "You are exactly the
person I need. I'm looking into family history. Viddens, Vegas and as many Exuli
as I possibly can get my hands on. There is a connection, I just need to find
it."

Mrs. Vega put a finger to her lip and I noticed the matching emerald nail polish
adorning the long finger nail. She tapped he finger against her lip and I was
only reminded of her sons lush lips. I sighed and she gave me a glance. I shook
my head, nothing was wrong, only that the man I'd grown up trusting my life too
was not plauging my waking thoughts in very uncharateristic ways.

I had to keep my mind on task. But being with Mrs. Vega that was going to be
difficult. The similiarites in the two were too much. Dorian was not a girly
man. He was very much the perfect image of masculinity. If you didn't know him
you'd hardly suspect he preferred the company of men. Such was his image, and I
was well aware that his image was his life. There was no room for a little punk
like me.

My mood fell but Dolores Vega smiled and the world lit back up. I would have to
do something about this infatuation with Dorian, but right now I had work to do.
"Come with me, I think you'll find all the information you need in the Ancenstry
room. I won't be easy. Why are you doing this by hand?"

I grinned, "My laptop went for a tumble. And this is the least likely place for
my father to find me."

She nodded, "Perhaps that is true. And avoiding him is key?"

"Not really. I figure if I stay away from him he can't beat me over the head
with the whole not wanting me around."

She lead me down a few aisles and to a room with nothing on the door. She opened
it and flipped on the light. The florscent bulbs flickered and blinked as they
finally clicked on fully. I had always hated those type lights, they were hard
to read by and they made everything yellow. But beggers can't be choosers and I
was certainly not the one who had control over renovations.

On the table just inside the room there was a pile of books. She smiled at me,
"I think what you are looking for might be on the table. Dorian was here two
days ago searching through Kai's and his father's records. He too thought this
was a good place to hide from those who didn't want him poking his nose into
things."

I grinned, "Of course he would."

Mrs. Vega then pointed to a section in the back corner, "Over there is where you
will find the records on the Exuli most recently exiled - with in the past 100
years or so."

I nodded my thanks. "I thank you for your help."

I started into the door but Mrs. Vega caught my arm and I turned to her, "You
beleive Dorian is correct?"

I nodded, "It makes sense, he is the reknowned expert on Cesari. I trust his
judgement."

She nodded, "Kai beleives that it is coincidence it is our families are being
targeted, high profile hunters."

I nodded, "It's possible. But then the Rivera's should also be targeted yes?
They are high profile too."

"Possibly, don't limit yourself to one belief or another. I heard through the
grape vine that a certain young man is awake. And I also have it on good source
that your father and my husband are out of the building, if you wished to speak
with him about what he saw. Your time with the boy will be limited, now is the
perfect oppurtunity. These books can wait."

I smiled. "Kai's son...I think I'll do that." She nodded, "Thank you Mrs. Vega
for your assistance."

I turned off the light and shut the door and we walked back to the front of the
Archives chatting about nothing in particular. It was good to speak so freely
with someone. It wasn't something I would usually do. She reminded me very much
of her son, someone I could confide in and know he wasn't judging me.

I left Mrs. Vega with a flourishing bow which sent the young girl at the desk
into fits of giggles Mrs. Vega had to shush. I chuckled to myself as I walked
out the door.

The infirmary was several flights up but I took the stairs anyway, it was habit.
It was also good exercise and I didn't have any panic attacks.

Life with the Venatori had its ups and downs. We didn't own anything, we didn't
earn money as the outside world did. There was no need, we were completely cared
for with in the confines of the compound. We wanted for nothing. If we needed a
new computer we could requisition one, sometimes you were told no, but most of
the time you given everything at the mere request of it.

We even had our own research hospital on campus. Most stations didn't have that,
but they had their own infirmary - a place for emergencies and well care of us.
But here, our infirmary doubled as a research facility. The research went from
cures for cancer to the physiology of a dragon. It was rather epic if you
thought about it. But I wasn't here for that.

I stopped at the front desk and asked, "I'm here to see Kai Vidden's boy. I'm
family."

The woman looked up with her smokey brown eyes and frowned, "Relation?"

"I'm his brother." It felt extremely odd saying that outloud. I of course had
known I had brothers and a sister here in the compound. I'd learned that when I
had found out I had a father. I hardly knew any of my blood relatives.

She handed me a batch that said visitor and directed me to IC on the second
floor, she gave me a room number too. "Take care, he is awaky, but don't over
stress him."

I nodded at the instructions and took the stairs up to the second floor of the
infirmary. I found his room and had to double check the room number because the
name on the door said Nicholas Hampton - not a Vidden.

I sighed. Nick was my brother. No wonder Dae'lin had done what she did. I walked
into his room after knocking on the open door. "Hey man."

He looked up and his eyes spoke to the pain he was in. Burns sucked. I
remembered mine all too well, they itched at the memories.

He smiled and it looked like it hurt to do that simple thing, "Hey Nox, what you
doing here. Only family's allowed."

I nodded, "Hey bro. At least that's what you are technically - my half brother."

Nick processed the information and frowned. "So... that's awkward."

I laughed as I pulled up a chair to sit closer to Nick. I put my hand on his and
patted softly before putting my hand on the edge of the bed instead of resting
it on his. He was my brother despite the intamcy we'd shared as young boys.

It was harmless fun, but the knowledge that I made out with my brother makes me
squirm and it apparently made Nick squirm too.

I smiled. "You've looked better."

Nick grinned at me, "You look a bit worse for wear too." He ran his finger down
his own face indicating where my scar ran.

"Disgruntled ghost possessing a girl. Her knife got a peice of me before I
removed the culprit and extinqueished the poltergeist. And that's not even the
worst of them."

Nick nodded, "Anything as exciting as a bomb blowing up in your face?" He was
joking. Nick was a tech consultant, he was damn good at his job too. He set up a
great number of the new systems in Boulder during the retro fit there this past
November.

"Dragon fire comes the closest." I lifted my leg and pulled my left pant leg to
my knee and he whistled.

"At least you healed."

I grined, "You'll heal too. It doesn't feel like it now, but you look pretty
damn good considering it happened only a short time ago. I'd probably still be
on morphin drip." There was an uncomfortable silence as we pondered our own
thoughts.

I finally interrputed the silence, "I hate to bother you but can I ask you a few
questions?"

He nodded, "Father said you might be by and that I could make my own decisions."

I laughed, "He did, did he? So may I?"

He nodded and he winched in pain and I frowned.

"Thanks. You remember anything about the package?"

Nick grabbed his glass of water and took a small sip from it. I knew the pain I
saw on his face all to well but he answered me anyway, "It was a regular
package. But it didn't look like it had come from the mailroom, but it was
stamped and everything so I guess it had. A kid handed it to me. Had my name on
it and everything."

"You don't think it came from the mailroom?"

Nick shrugged, "It was just a feeling I had, why else would a kid give it to me.
I guess it was delivered incorrectly. It happens."

"The kid you remember who it was? What he looked like?"

Nick shook his head, "I didn't know him. He's new, still in high school, I
think. Dark hair, that's all I really remember."

"Thanks man. I appreciate it. I hope this goes quickly for you. Burns suck."

Nick nodded, "Thanks man. And thanks for stopping by. Though I'd rather you
weren't my brother." He winked at me suggestively. I grinned at him. We would
have had a good time. I swallowed hard, that wasn't going to happen ever now.
Nick looked lost in thought, "Father doesn't like the fact that I'm gay."

"I can imagine. He probably blames me for turning you gay."

Nick smirked, "He does. He never says it in so many words, but when he speaks of
it, it's always, if he hadn't kissed you like that, you'd be fine. I don't blame
you. You weren't even the first guy I kissed. Just the only one I got caught
kissing." Nick added, "At least you actually like girls though."

I sighed, "It doesn't help that much really. The fact that I like guys gets the
most attention."

Nick laughed softly trying not to hurt himself, "Then stop being all 'oh I like
guys' at every turn."

I grinned, "But that's me. I like making people uncomfortable."

He nodded, "I know. Thanks for coming by." I nodded and waved farewell.

As I was about to shut the door Nick called out my name. "Hey Nox?" I turned to
look at him and he smiled, "Maybe when I'm outta here we can hang out. Just me
and you - brothers. Go dancing, have a drink, pick up some guys?"

I smiled, "Yeah sure thing Nick. We can hang out when you are out of here,
though the dancing and guys might have to wait a little longer than that." I
waved to him again, "See you round bro."

It felt odd, but it felt good too. To actually have family that actually liked
me that was blood. I had enough family, but I might start liking having more.

# Inspiring the Young

_Monday, June 15, 2015 11:30AM_

I left ICU with only minimal issues. The nurses whispered behind my back, some
even right in front of me. I flashed them a smile and some looked away
embarrassed others blushed. It was obvious which were gossiping and those that
were admiring. I got more of the embarrassed looks than not Kai must have been
having words with them. I felt for any of them who might get their ears burned
when he returns to find I'd seen his other son.

I started down the stairs and as I rounded the corner of the first flight I ran
into a near immovable object. I looked down and saw the raven hair and bright
blue eyes shining up at me with a wide smile. "I was just coming to warn you."
Dorian said as I took a step back.

I raised an eyebrow and he continued, My mother informed me you were visiting
Nicholas, and I just saw Kai enter the building."

Grinning at the man before me, "Thanks for the warning, had a good talk with
Nick."

I laughed, how had the photographic memory of Dorian Vega forgotten that fact. I
grinned mishieveously at him, "We were lab partners once upon a time. I'm sure
you remember that."

It was only moments as Dorian parsed his memory,and then nodded, "Chemistry?"

I smiled, "And a little biology, or was it health education."

Dorian smirked, "Ah yes. The boy Dae'lin caught you in the halls kissing."

I nodded. "I wish someone would have told me then he was my half-brother. It
makes so much sense now. Why Dae'lin didn't want me cozzing up to him. I beleive
the threat was 'You ever see that boy in anything other than school work and
I'll not only have your hide, I'll hange it from my office wall.'"

Dorian chuckled, "That sounds like Dae'lin." He sighed, "It was of less concern
that you and Nicholas be more friends than you and your father know of each
others existance. I beleive you and Nick were an experiment of sorts. To see how
the same blood could be affected by the nurture."

I rolled my eyes. "Another lovely experiment I am part of. I am thankful now
that Dae'lin caught us though. Nick and I were going places fast that day.
Seeing him again brought those feelings back up and I had to squash them because
they are nothing now. He's my brother."

Dorian nodded, there was sympathy in his eyes. He smiled and changed the
subject, "I have a favor to ask of you."

"Shoot."

"I have a new Magnus. He's rather ... difficult to say the least. His third
mentor resigned from his service today citing irrevocable differences. He's a
good kid - rather he could be a good kid. I know it."

There was little hesitation in my answer, if Dorian beleived the kid redeemable
he was. Dorian was a good judge of character, he always had been. I had always
trusted his judgement, there was no reason to doubt him now.

Dorian continued, "Since you are here for an indeterminate amount of time I'd
like you to try to mentor him. If we cannot get him to learn about his gift,
there is only one choice left. And I do not like the idea of turning his
potential into a Tacet."

"That bad?" To be tacet was unthinkable. I'd only met a handful of them in my
short life. They were empty souls with little to live for. But it was what
happened if you couldn't control your magic. "You think I can have any impact?"

Dorian nodded, "You are more like him than the others. Outcasts. He's sixteen,
Nox. He was found on the streets, his parents dead. A house fire they didn't
escape from. Likely he set it by accident when he came into his powers." Dorian
frowned, "He has no one. Maybe you and he can get along, even if you can't teach
him, he might listen to you."

"Yeah, sure," I nodded, "When?" Dorian grinned and I knew exactly what he
wanted, right now. I laughed, "Now, it is then."

We started down the stairs together. The silence was nice, it wasn't
uncomfortable, my hand itched to hold his, but I kept my hands to myself. I
glanced at him from the corner of my eye and kept wondering why I was feeling
like a teenager around him.

Dorian took the next door way into what became the academy proper. I thought
fondly on the times I'd followed Dorian here, today though was different. We
walked as equals, or at least collegues. I commented on it, "This is different."

Dorian asked, "How so?" But he glanced at me with a knowing smile, he felt the
differene too. There was so much hope building inside me at that one glance.

"The last time we walked this way," I smiled, "I followed you a decrete distance
behind you." I needed to change the subject, "Tell me of the kid you are taking
me to." Might as well get the down and dirty details from the source instead of
having to read them. We walked and I fought the urge to steal looks at this man
who was ravaging my hormones.

"He was brought in from the streets a few months ago. He was starved and
dehydrated and was not in any shape what-so-ever to do much of anything. We fed
him and gave him a safety zone. A hunter found him in a homeless shelter
starting fires with the snap of his fingers."

"Untrained in fire, but he has control. That's unusual. He's sixteen?" Nox was
skeptical.

Dorian nodded, "Yes, he's 16."

I laughed, "Sixteen and just now being found!" It was very hard to believe.
"Someone had to find him. No one is that talented. Particularly fire-starters."

Dorian agreed, "Yes but he won't tell us any names. He is hardly forth coming at
all. Every mentor we've put him under has complained and he's ended up back in
my care. You are the last one. I've already told you the consequences of his
failure to listen to you. We've tried everything. Maybe someone closer in age
will help him."

I nodded, "What have the others done?"

"He's working on his GED online. He's too far behind to stick in classes his own
age for schooling and if we'd stick him where he needs to be he'd be even more
out of place. He's restricted to his quarters when not with his mentor or in the
lab because he's just a terror on everyone." Dorian sighed.

"Put him in classes. I don't care what. Art, Music, PE with kids his age. Stick
him in Jason's class, he's supposedly working some new angle. Dae'lin's got a
few advanced kids she's tutoring in multiple elements, put him in there too.
I'll watch him in them until he's behaving if I have to. You can't isolate a kid
and expect him to behave like he understand social interactions. As a matter of
fact, stick him in all of Jason's classes. The younger the better. If he's
multi-talented and you think he could be Cesari too well then he can inspire
them, help them too."

Dorian laughed, "You take the opposite approach to everyone. I will create a
schedule that he can start after we get you on a real schedule here. But more
importantly how did you guess my speculation of the boy?"

I smiled, "Why else would you choose me as your last attempted instead of the
last person. You didn't know I was coming to town."

Dorian opened a testing room door with a smile. Dorian let me go in first and
closed the door behind him. "Levi, this is Nox. He is going to be your new
mentor. Remember lad, what we discussed." He started in on the Tacet lecture
again as I took in the boy.

The boy was slumped in the chair, one leg over the arm the opposite arm hanging
over the other arm like he'd been plopped in the chair without any bones. He hid
his face beneath a baseball cap sporting the Sox logo like Aaron's earlier. He
reminded me of a puppet from the marionette show I'd seen as a young child.
Something to entertain the kids he didn't remember much else of it. I wondered
if I could pull the strings like the puppet and make him dance. The thought made
me smile and I could have sworn the boy sneered at me.

But as I returned to Dorian's calm patient tone, I realized he was sneering at
the information Dorian was retelling. I smiled and interrupted Dorian, "I got
this."

Dorian chuckled, "As you wish." Dorian left the room, but I knew he'd go to the
other side of the two way mirror to watch us. It was his job to assess first
meetings, and every other meeting afterwards, though he didn't follow every
single child that walked through the doors.

I pulled a chair back and tipped it on it's back to legs and wrapped air around
it before sitting down. I did it to see what Levi would do. A show of power, a
sort of bragging, but more importantly to see if he even noticed that my chair
had stood up before I sat down. I smiled at him, "So, Levi..."

He glanced at me then down under the table and then he stood up. He walked
around the table and squatted down to examine the chair, "How are you doing
that?"

"You can't see it?" I inquired. Levi shook his head. "Look for the pattern
holding the chair steady. You can manipulate air, Dorian says he tested you."

Levi took his hat off and cliped it to his belt loop then ran his fingers
through his dark hair. "I just blew a bubble."

I grinned at his modesty, he sounded a lot like me, like it was nothing big. And
for him it probably was nothing. "With your mind, inside a box. Come on, think
how would you do that if you could see air?"

I got out of Levi's way, I stood up and the chair remained standing on it's back
to legs. I added some earth to the air so it would become a cloud instead of
transparent. "The earth should give it visibility to anyone. Look for the
pattern." I sat down next to Levi on the floor and crossed my legs, "Every
pattern is unique, everyone and everything has a different pattern."

I waited for a little while before I prompted a bit more information to help
Levi look for the pattern. "Think of the patterns like lattice work. You know
those fake looking things up the sides of suburban houses that have vines and
roses and other climbing plants on them. But each object and each element create
different lattices."

I sighed as I remembered my schooling. "I could go on about chemical bonds or
crystalline structures but I don't think that would help you at all. And I'd
sound too much like Dae'lin for my preference."

Levi started poking the patterns with his finger. He asked, "Who's Dae'lin? Your
girlfriend or wife?"

A sharp laugh escaped my lips before I could catch it and it made Levi jump. I
appologized, "Sorry. Dae'lin was my mentor. She is now my boss. She insisted I
maintain an A average in everything. Which meant I spent most of my free time
with my noise in a book, or on the computer to try to understand things that
were just beyond me."

"Sounds like torture." Levi continued to stare at the cloud of dirt and air but
he didn't seeme to be getting any closer.

"It was at times. But I had an hour every day to goof off, Jace made sure I used
it wisely."

"Your boyfriend?"

I laughed, "What have you heard about me?"

The boy turned around and looked at me. "Nothing. It's just the way you talk
about them. I remember my parents talking that way about each other."

I nodded, "Jace is my best friend. We've never bee anything more. He's the only
true family I've had since I was five. Dae'lin was my mentor, nothing more. I
respect her." I sighed, the talk of family made him pull back, I could see it in
his eyes as he turned back to work on the patterns before him. "I'm sorry about
losing your parents. I know it's not easy."

Levi's voice sounded like the weight of the world just pressed down upon him. He
snapped, "What you know about it?"

"I wasn't as young as you when I lost my mother. But she sent me away when I was
5 years old. I never saw her again until I was 18. So she might as well have
already been gone." Nox sighed, "On one of my first hunts after graduation. I
went back home, to my mother's home. She needed help with a rogue were-bear. It
was terrorizing the community and humans alike. It needed to be stopped but
bullets weren't helping so they needed something a little more powerful."

Levi turned to face me again, he was at least still listening to me ramble about
myself. "She and I went out to its lair. It attacked, she'd insisted on going
first, the veteran Venatori and all that jazz. She took a swipe to the stomach
and chest area, disemboweling her. I managed to get a fireball off before it
raked me and left me with a nice scar on my chest. But it was dead. I would live
if I could get to help, but I was unable to save my mother. If I'd insisted on
going first I could have prevented the mess. I'd have had shields and the like,
but my mother was stubborn. She'd told me, none of that magic stuff. It was my
magic that saved me and why I'd been called in. But she was old school."

Levi went back to looking at the pattern, "She was stupid. No offense."

I nodded, "None taken, I agree with you."

I could hear the curiousity in his voice as he asked, "What about your dad?"

I sighed. "I didn't know my dad, still technically I don't. I mean I now know
who he is, but to me he's just some punk who hates me. He can join the club of
haters. I don't really care." It was time to get back to the task at hand. "Tell
me what you see Levi." I could see that he was fustrated. Patterns were
important to see, you had to see them to use your potential.

The boy sighed, "I don't know."

I brought the chair down and released the patterns. "Turn and face me, let's try
this a little differently."

He was having difficulty with air lets try what he was stronger in. "What is
your strongest element?" I asked, hoping it wasn't water.

Levi replied flatly, "Water."

I shook my head, "Of course, it would be my weakest." I paused a moment and
gathered my strength, water alone always gave me fits, it moved so irratically
and defined my will. "Alrighty. There is water all around us, its in the air, in
our bodies. You are a four?" I asked, but I already knew the answer. I could
tell from the patterns around him. I'd learned to read a person's skill set and
level without the need of a test. I always found it odd that no one else did,
except maybe Dorian. "You can replicate water if it's there."

Levi nodded, "That's what I've been told." I hadn't needed the confirmation but
I was glad for the validation. I tried to figure out the easiest way to show him
the patters when the door behind me opened, and Dorian handed me a bottle of
water. I looked up at him with a beaming smile, "You read my mind."

Dorian smiled back, "I'll find the rest of the materials for you and bring you
them so you can work with them."

I nodded and Dorian shut the door and we went back to work. "Water is slippery.
It moves and shives, it moves like you'd imagine water would. The pattern is
constantly shifting. It is the hardest element to manipulate and the odd man
out. I'm guessing you learned to control water first. Which is also probably why
you aren't seeing the simplier patterns."

I smiled as I poured a small amount of water in my hand. "Focus on the water." I
shifted the water around by bending and twisting its pattern. I could see the
small elements of life sparkling inside of it. It always looked like diamons
when I focused to hard. "Try to watch the patterns shift. You need to look deep
down inside it. It's like using a microscope." That was an idea. I'd have to
visit the labs and see if that would be helpful later, if he didn't get it now.

Levi was unsure of himself as he spoke quietly with his hand in front of his
mouth, "I think I see something, but I don' tknow."

I nodded. "Hold out your hand." I poured a small amount of water in his hand,
"Try to reproduce the pattern I'm showing you. Exactly like mine is."

I watched Levi shift that patterns, but he wasn't shifting the patterns, he was
pushing the water around and pulling it in outher places. It was close but I
could see the small intricasies of the pattern that weren't there. "Nice try." I
pointed to various places that were wrong and Levi toss the water at me. I
smiled. "It's hard when you can just do it. But if you want to progress father,
and do more amazing things, you need to see the patterns."

"You started a fire accidentally?" It was more a rhetorical question as I was
fairly sure that was why his house had burnt down with his parents inside.

Levi got up and kicked the chair across the room, "Yeah. Thanks for the
reminder."

I put my arms behind me and leaned back on my hands, "Hey, it's okay. I was a
fire-starter too. It's hy my mother sent me away." I sighed, and sat up as Levi
turned to look at me, "She beleives that children shouldn't be treated any
different than a rouge Magnus. When a supernatural is dangerous, they are
dangerous, it doesn't matter if the creature is your own son or not." The
memories flooded in and I closed my eyes to rid them from my minds eye, "She
sent me away so I didn't have to make her feel conflicted." I opened my eyes and
smiled, "So I understand. Really."

I pulled my lighter out of my pocket. I always carried it with me in case of
emergency. Fire was my go to element and sometimes you are just too tired to
create it from nothing, a lighter helps with that. "Watch me." I held the
lighter up and flipped it on and took the flame from the receptical and it
floated above my hand.

I changed the flickering flame to a hollow ball of fire and air. The air kept
the shape, I could do it with fire alone but the fire would die out eventually
as I instructed. "Try."

I held the lighter out to Levi with a tiny flamer flickering above it. Levi
deftly took the flame and started trying. He was manipulating both air and fire
at the same time but he wasn't using the patterns. He couldn't see the patterns.
We'd have to find another way.

I smiled, "That's enough for now. We need to break you of your old habits.
You'll get there eventually. I can see the potential in you. There are not many
Cesari, and it's very likely that is why your other mentors failed to help you.
They don't understand the differences.

Levi asked, "What's Cesari."

"A cesari is a magnus who can bend all four elements at the same time. It's a
rare gift, and you are one. Dorian suspected it and he was right. I can see it."

A tinny voice over the intercom interrupted us, "How do you know that Nox?"

I looked towards the two way mirror and smiled, "The way the pattern around him
moves. It's different than say Dae'lin's. Everyone's is different, we vibrate on
different frequencies, but all Cesari I've ever met the patterns all flow toward
them. It's a magnetic like attraction to all elements. A water bender attracts
water and repeal everything else. Those like Dae'lin who can bend all four, they
oscillate between things. Dae'lin attracts air much easier than fire, but the
patterns shift in a pattern of osculation. I'm sure there is a mathematical
equation that could tell you but I'm not that interested in that. But you can
see the differences if you pay attention The differences are small but I made a
habit of studying patterns the day you showed me them."

Dorian chuckled over the intercom. I couldn't even begin to imagine all the
theories running through his head about this new peice of information.

I stood up shaking my hands, ""Come on Levi. I have a class I want to take you
to. It'll be a bunch of little kids, but I would like you to listen to the
class. Jace claims to have a new way of thinking about things, maybe he'll help
you out too."

I opened the door to the testing room and found Dae'lin leaning agains the
opposite wall. She smiled her angry smile at me. I gave her my best smart ass
grin. She shook her head, "You didn't tell me you saw patterns that way."

I shrugged, "You never asked me."

She sounded miffed, "Did you tell Dorian or Jason."

I shook my head. "Dorian never asked either and Jace knew I saw things
differently and he started plaing with it but we never spoke on it to any great
length."

Dae'lin nodded, "We need to sit down, the four of us, and discuss this. You need
to show us how, so we can teach others. Unless you want to. This is new Nox. If
what you say is true, then we can elimnate so many problems with classification.
There has never been a Cesari like you. Everyone else wants to only create
things, ultimately trying to be gods."

I was surprised when Levi asked, "We can be like God?"

I shook my head, "No. Some Magnus thing we can be. They've mastered the art of
creating cadavers or other living objects that resemeble them but they don't
actually live. We can't even use the creations for transplants, they just don't
have that spark of life. It would be like Frankenstein all over again."

Levi was incredulous, "That was real?"

I laughed and I heard a soft giggle from Dae'liln. "Nah man. Just an analogy.
Come on we'll be later. And late gets us in trouble." I winked at Dae'lin as we
started for the classrooms thinking about the spark of life between the patterns
particularly in water. Maybe there was a way to harness it, but the world was
probably better off with out that experiment.

*

Levi followed me up to Jace's class, he never complained about taking the stairs
even after we passed the elevator. I was grateful for that. I opened up the door
to Jace's class room and he looked up from his desk, they were quietly watching
some pattern play out on the screen before them. Technology couldn't capture it,
but some ingenious person had found a way to mimic pattern manipulation on the
screen. I watched as Levi stared at the screen and I saw it click.

Jason beamed at me and stood up behind his desk and turned the digital patterns
off, "Everyone, I'd like you to meet my best friend. He's going to show us all
something very special today. We are going to go up to the roof top and watch
Nox skyjump. He has a new protege, and he'll be spending some time with us today
and in the future. So let's make Mr. Hughes feel welcome." And once again the
rumors moved faster than I did.

Levi laughed, "I'm Mr. Hugues and he's just Nox? I see how I rate."

Jace grinned, "Have you ever called Nox, Mr. Sétana? I don't recomend you try.
But everyone in my class goes by Mister or Miss."

I leaned over to Levi and whispered loudly."That's the southern gentleman in
him." I grinned playfully at Jace and opened the door. Beckoning the class to
follow, "Let's go up to the roof. There are a few rules you must all follow the
moment you step foot on the roof."

The small class of five and six year olds lined up and followed me out the door.
Levi took up the rear and Jason followed him. I started in on my standard newb
jumping rules, "I am the boss. What I say is law. If I say freeze I mean
immediately. If I say move you do it. No one goes near the edge without being on
the harness. There is only Jason at the top and he's going to be busy. Levi
might be able to save you, but he's never seen this. So harness before you get
near the edge, or you will never make that roof again. Ever! And the last rule,
you do not do this ever without me. Never. I don't care what you think you know
or what your friends think they know. I find you on the roof without me, you
will NEVER do this again." I pointedly looked at Levi, "That means you too."

I stopped at the last door and turned towards their eager faces, "Do we all
understand?" Everyone nodded heir heads, even though Levi's was reluctant.

As I opened the door Jace started in on his own little lesson, "Skyjumping is
something Nox created to get over his fear of heights and falling. We eventually
got here, and the first hundred times or so we glided to the bottom. Today, Nox
is going to show you what inspired me and why I'm now teaching this class."

Jace set up the veil around the ally as I continued, "Mr. Hill is setting up a
default canvas so that no one outside the alley sees what is happening. So no
one sees a falling person and calls the cops. That's kinda awkward."

Jason was finished and turned back to his class. "The belts are over here, start
strapping them in, Mr. Hughes, Nox and I will help you secure yourself before
you clamp on to the line."

Everyone start grabbing harnesses and the chatter started. I stood before the
only girl in the class, "Hi, what's your name."

I started wrapping the straps around her as she smiled up at me, "Elena."

I grinned, "Like the Vampire Diaries, very nice." I gave her an mock appalled
looke, "You don't drink blood do you?"

She giggled, "No sir." I finished tightening her belts and she moved on to the
line. I moved to Levi who was helping a little boy. I knelt down before him and
smiled, "What's your name?"

He whispered shyly. "Charles."

"We have our own Professor X."

The boy frowned, he didn't catch my reference. Levi was shaking his head.

All the kids were strapped in and attached to the safety line. It was time to
conquer my fear again. Like I did each and every time I jumped from the
building. Heights, whodathunk that was my greatest physical fear. I had others,
but this, this one I could conquer. And I did.

I stepped up on the ledge and peired over the edge and felt the fear run up my
spine. I swallowed hard and turned around. It was always easier not watching the
ground gain speed towards my face. Watching the sky fall away was so much
easier.

I wrapped all the elements around me. Fire and water were only there for show,
this was all about the show, not the actual jump itself. I had free reign to
show off. I heard the kids ooh and ahh as I fell backwards and wings of air
slowed my decent. I could float like a feather to the ground if I so choose, but
I liked the free fall, the air rushing past my ears. It was 8 seconds. 8 seconds
of pure bliss - it was almost heaven.

The ground caught me in a softened cradle of my own devising. I knew exactly
when and how to do it, I didn't need to see it. If gravity were to one day
change on me I was going to become a pancake. But the chances of that happening
was slight.

I lay on the ground for several moments looking up at the blue hazy sky of New
York City. It wasn't nearly as pretty as something in the mountains, but it was
home. I felt more at ease here than I did in the great outdoors. I was pretty
sure I was going to ask to stay, even if that meant I had to teach. But there
was always hunts in the City, in every city.

I sat up and eventually pulled myself to standing and started for the alley way
that held the entrance back inside. As I turned the corner I found the door open
and a familiar face was waiting as he propped the door open with his body. I
grinned, "Hey."

He smiled, "Hey back. You enjoy that?"

I nodded emphatically as I stopped in front of Dorian, "It's almost heaven."

Dorian grinned, "Almost heaven? If that's not heaven, what is?"

I chuckled, "I'm sure I could show you sometime." I winked suggestively and I
watched a small hint of color wash up on the bronzed skin of the man before me.

Dorian waved me inside and I stepped inside and turned back to face him as the
door closed behind him. "I need to get back up there." I nodded towards the
roof.

Dorian closed the distance between us and put his hand on my arm. I could feel
my heart flutter as he touched me. He smiled and I felt home, more home than I
had in ages. "I'd really like to talk with you about patterns." Why touch me for
that? Was he flirting? Damn I wished I could read past my own self right now.

I nodded my words failing me. I swallowed and put on my innocent grin, "Alright.
Whenever is convenient for you. I've got a billion and one things to do, but no
specific order they have to be done in."

Dorian nodded, "Later tonight? I have a dinner with a new employee and then I'm
free."

I took a deep breath as I nodded, Dorian smiled at me with that knowing smile. I
spoke slowly, "Sounds good. Stop by my room. I should be there. We can find
someplace quiet o talk I'm sure."

Dorian smiled and pulled his hand away brushing along my arm as he headed up the
stairs. I was reading too much into this. I had to me. I watched as Dorian
headed up the stairs. My heart was still pounding and I wasn't sure if it was
due to the jump or from Dorian's touch, either way, I was enjoying the way
Dorian made me feel. Though I knew it was a dangerous game to play. I had to
push the thoughts away. Why would he be interested?

I took the stairs up two at a time until I grew tired. I made it about half way
up. It wasn't that I was out of shape but it was a long way up.

I opened the door to the roof and I could hear the chatter of the children as
Jace was trying to get things settled. I heart Charles explaim, "He bent all
four elements at the same time."

The moment one of them noticed me they all ran towards me and started chattering
away at me with such enthusiasm it was hard not to get swept up in it. But I
couldn't hear half of what they said. It was a din of chaos, but it was so full
of hope and Jace took it upon himself to calm things down, "Leave the man be,"
he laughed. "Come on let's go back to class and discuss what we saw calmly."

They all got in their neat little line all still looking at me with wide eyes
and I knew then that I wanted to do that again. Wanted to share what I had to
offer. Jace clapped me on the back, "Good job man. Inspiration done. Thanks a
lot bro."

I smiled widely at Jace, "No problem. Anytime."

Jace lead the group downstairs and Levi looked at me expectantly, I grinned at
him, "Go ahead. I'll catch up on some work. Stay with Jace. I'll come get you
later." He nodded and headed after the younger class. Maybe he'd do well with
them. Maybe it would straighten him out. I could only hope so.

# The First Death

_Monday, June 15, 2015 1:00PM_

I was left alone on top of the roof. It had been a long time since I'd been up
here, and even longer since I'd been completely alone. Once people caught word I
was jumping I usually had a pile of people joining me for the spectical of it
all or to jump themselves.

I had missed the scenic view, I could see for miles and miles up here. I could
do that in the mountains, but I was never without my two feet on the ground.
Here it felt different. I don't know what it was but I realy missed this. I took
a deep breath and closed my eyes and absorbed home.

I had to make myself walk into the door and down the stairs to the Archives. I
had work to do.

The Archives were much the same as they had been when I left yesterday, the
biggest change was a distinct lack of Mrs. Vega. I would have liked to see her
sparkling green eyes and her bright smile before heading into work. I knew it
was a replacement for what I wanted. And I was sure Margo would have a fieldday
with that information.

I followed the same path we had taken earlier and I found the room empty, the
lights off. I opened the door and reached inside and fumbled for the light
switch that I knew was there. The lights flickered on with their sickly yellow
light illuminating the walls and rows of books and the lone table in the room.

I shut the door behind me and sat down at the table and browed the books that
were already out. Sure enough they had been records of the Viddens and Vegas. I
flipped through the most recent volumes. I wished for Dorian's photographic
memory as I tried to remember the dates of the cases that had been the most
interesting.

There was a knock at the door and a small girl of about sixteen came in sulking
and frowning as she dropped a folder on my table. "I was told to give these to
you." She sneered and stood there like I was expected to do something.

I smiled brightly at her and she blushed as she scampered off in the direction
she'd come. I sighed, I wished they'd make up their mind as whether or not they
hated me or were in love wih the idea of the bad boy I proclaimed myself as. It
was tiring.

I took a look through the new files and saw that it was exactly what I had been
looking for. I wondered if this was Dorian's or his mother's handy work. But it
really didn't matter. I know had the names of the two families that were exiled
by Kai and Emilio.

I got up from the table and walked to the far corner with the names of the
familes jotted down on my phone's note app so I didn't forget them.

It took me a while to find the right records for the families, they were
intermingled with other things cases in that year. And with the records always
changing the binders were always growinging, or the books were being repirnted
with added information when the spines grew too large for the added pages.

Ironically I also found Levi's family in one of the binders that one family was
in. Exiled around the same time. I glanced through the Hughes files briefly
taking note that they'd left voluntarily not exiled. That could explain a lot.
But that was for later.

I sat down with the two volumes and the records and I really couldn't find
anything of note. These two familes had no Magnus going as far back as I could
trace. I had to even rummage around in tomes so old that I was afraid every page
turn was going to rip the pages.

I glanced at the time on my phone and found that it was far less later than I'd
thought. I didn't have time to pounder long as I heard the sirens go off. There
was a fire - but it wasn't a fire that required evacuation. The siren's were
different, this was an elemental fire typically a fire starter or an accident.

I listened to the pattern of the siren and knew exactly where it was. It was in
the adult residences, that was odd. Unless a bomb went off. I scrambled out of
my chair and I headed to the third floor of the adult residences where the alrms
staid tthe fire was.

As I neared I knew exactly where I was going, only the Vegas lived in the
direction of the pandamonium I was seeing around me as I jogged towards the
location of the alarm.

I rounnded the courner and I saw Emilio wrapped around Dorian's tall muscular
frame. It was really an interesting contrast. Their Spanish decent was apparent
between the two of them, but where Dorian was only an inch shorter than I was,
Emilio was two or three shorter than Dorian. He was wider and far less pretty
than his son. But they were kin there was no doubt about it.

My admiriation soon faded as I took a step inside the room and saw a charred
corpse of a woman. I swallowed hard. Mrs. Vega...

I turned back to the Vegas outside in the hall just as Sahara joined Dorian and
their father. She was wearing nothing but a sports bra and gym shorts, and she
looked winded like she'd just run up the stairs from where ever she had been.

She gave me a frown and put her hand on her father's shoulder and his tears fell
even harder and faster and my heart lept for him. I wished I could do something.
Mr. Vega wrapped his arms around Sahara and she comforted him. It was awkward
watching the family dynamic. Dorian looked at me and I gave him a sad smile. I
wanted to go to him to let him cry, but I had to see more. I nodded to Dorian to
indicate I was going in, he nodded knowingly as he put his hand on his father's
shoulder and turned his attention back to the family.

I walked inside and Kai was standing there yelling at the fire squad. "I don't
care just get out."

I had no idea what he was yelling about and I tried to ignore him. I looked at
the blast radius and the disarray of the perfect house. It had been perfect, now
a charred blast circle and the corpse of a woman I'd spoke to only a few hours
ago lay on the carpet. I fought the bile and tears that threatened to reveal my
emotions. This was going to stay with me a while.

"Another package?" I asked to no one imparticular.

Kai didn't look at me he only nodded. He was trying not to get angry at me, I
could tell by the way he clenched his jaw and the fire and earth moved around
him. He looked at me with questions in his eyes, I smiled and cocked my head
waiting for him to ask. It took him a while to find the right words, maybe he
was trying not to yell I don't know. I didn't know the man well enough. "Any
residual affects? Something someone else might miss?"

I shook my head, "I don't think so. The patterns are still here, dissipating
quickly without their cohesion they are slipping back into their natural states.
If someone were more adept at forensics they might be able to peice it together.
I've never tried to."

Kia nodded, "Can you try?"

I shrugged. "Yeah I guess." I started pulling the scattered patterns to me and
finding the missing peices. I sat there for an indeterminate amount of time as
my father watched me. I wondered what was going through his head.

I shook my head, "No, they are going to fast, I put one together and another
dissipates. I'm not fast enough."

Dorian from the doorway asked with sadness in his voice, "You think it's a limit
of yours?"

I shook my head. "No. I don't think it's a physical reaction time. We'd need to
slow the decay rate. I don't know how to do that."

Kai nodded, "At least you tried."

He looked at me and headed out the door with a slight nod. It was better than I
had expected from him. I turned and noticed that it had grown dark. What time
was it?

Dorian looked at me, I could see the saddness in his eyes. I closed the distance
between us and whispred to him, "I'm so sorry." He gave me a weak grin. I put my
hand on his arm and he relaxed under my touch. I could wrap him in a hug, and be
the rock he needed like he'd been so many times for me, but that was not Dorian.
Dorian was strong in the face of anything. There were no tears, just glassy eyes
rimmed in red. He looked sad but he had not let loose yet. He did not break
down.

I remembered the day my mother had died. It wasn't in the cave that she'd been
attacked in, no it was an infirmary much like the one Nick was in right now.
Except there was nothing they could do now. Even Venatori are not immune to the
venom of a were creature. While they don't turn on the full moon, it is one of
few venoms that override the antibodies that allow them to heal quickly, it's
not quick enough. It was almost like lycanthropy (and vampirism for that matter)
were designed just to kill Venatori.

I remembered watching my mother writhe in agony from the window outside her
room. She didn't want anything to do with me. I could hear her blaming me for
the pain when the nurses left the room. My heart sank each time. That was my
mother, and that was how she felt about me.

I had to push the thoughts from my head. I whispered to Dorian, "I don't think
these are coming from the mail room. I think there's an inside man. Nick
mentioned a kid gave him the package."

I took Dorian's hand and pulled him away from the crowd. It wasn't that I cared
if someone overherad but I knew Dorian would. "If you need anything, for you or
your family. Let me know."

Dorian gave me a weak smile, my heart went out to him. He'd just lost his mother
and he was trying to put on a good face. "You already are doing more than
necessary. I don't think I want to be alone tonight, still up for discussing
patterns later?"

I was shocked to think he still wanted to do that. But that he felt I was better
company than his own head, maybe there was hope. I nodded, "Sure thing, anything
you need. I'm going to hit the mail room and give the orders myself. And scan
what I can while it's there. I'll see you later."

Dorian nodded, "Later it is then."

I patted Dorian's arm as I walked past him, I wanted to hold him, tell him it
would get easier, but I didn't want to step past my bounds. I walked away from
Dorian and Emilio stepped in pace with me and nodded, "Come with me."

I blinked at him and nodded. I wasn't sure what was going on. We walked out of
his home in silence. I walked with Mr. Vega down cooridor after cooridor and
waited for some indication of what was going on. The silenc ewas unbearable,
"I'm sorry for your loss."

Emilio stopped and turned to look at me. I couldn't tell what he was feeling or
thinking. He looked so much like Dorian yet, he was harder, the fine lines of
Dorian's face were not present but he was his father's son. I watched as
emotions played across his face, the man before me was always so strong, he was
at a loss right now. The man stared at me, seeing through me, and I felt like
squirming under the scruty. He eventually nodded, coming to terms with whatever
had plagued his mind as I said my condolances, "Thank you."

Strangly Emilio put his hand around my shoulder and he pulled me back towards
the direction we'd been going. We walked in silence a few more steps before
Emilio added, "Your father..."

I didn't want to hear the next phrases but I didn't say anything. "Your father
is calling an all hands meeting. He asked me to bring you with me. To scavenge
through the video footage. I found it ironic that he'd ask you considering his
venomous outrage at your being here in the first place." He patted my shoulder,
"You've grown on him I think.

I laughed, "I don't know about that. He thinks it's an inside man too?"

Emilio laughed, "I would say the two of you were two peas in a pod but if Kai
heard me I'm sure he'd disavow any friendship we ever had."

I grinned. "Nick said a kid handed him the package. The one on Kai's counter
wasn't delivered by the mailroom. We could check that footage, and the hand off
of Nick's, and back track to see when Mrs. Vega got hers."

Emilio nodded, "Smart boy. That's what we are going to do. We have a lot of
footage to sweep. Though seeing Nicholas was probably not very smart. There are
certain things that Kai blames you for."

I nodded, "Nick and I discussed the biggest issue. Nick was gay before I met
him."

Emilio nodded, "I know that, and Nick knows this, but it's highly ironic that
both of our youngest boys are ..."

I grinned, "Gay? And Kai has me to offset things even worse."

Emilio nodded, "Yes, he is not happy you and Nick got caught."

I laughed, "Imagine if we hadn't."

Emilio paled. "I didn't think of it that way, and I honestly don't think Kai has
either. If Dae'lin hadn't caught you things could have been worse off."

I grinned at the best friend of my father, "Oh it would have been a grand night.
Worse thinking about it but damn it woulda been fun."

Emilio actually blushed. I chuckled to myself mostly as Emilio shook his head,
"You really do like to abuse that knowledge don't you? That's what Kai hates you
know. You are everything he is and was and no one likes you for it."

I smiled, "That has nothing to do with being Kai's son. I push people away. It's
what I do."

Emilio smiled knowingly, "Not everyone."

It was my turn to blush. Emilio waved it off. "My boy will find his own way.
These new regulations are playing havoc on his soul. He needs someone."

I grinned, "Well... "

Emilio paused in front of a door and opened it. In side was a darkly light room
with a ton of monitors, Security room

# X. I didn't know the actually number but they all had numbers.

The guard looked up and nodded. There was no exchange of words he already knew
he needed to step out - two hunters meant business. It was interesting seeing
the default line of heirarchy play out in the NYC compound. I had missed the way
it worked together unlike the one in boulder.

Emilio sat down and I took the other chair, I asked, "Do you want to start in
front of the apartment, or at her work?"

Emilio waved me off, "You start at the apartment I'll watch her at work."

I nodded and started looking for the cameras in front of the Vega's apartment.
This was going to be a long night.

# Hunting the Inside Man

_Monday, June 15, 2015 6:30PM_

The camera in front of the apartment was still running, and I let it continue
with it's normal routine as I started running the recorded feeds backwards. I
blinked as I saw the explosion through the door, or rather under the door. It
made my heart stop and my body felt drained. I couldn't imagine what had
happened. Or what had killed Mrs. Vega. I had to push the thoughts away as I ran
through the feed backwards. It was such an odd feeling watching the door knowing
that the woman I was looking for to emerge from her home was dead now.

As I sat there waiting, knowing what happened my phone rang and I jumped at the
sound. I pulled my phone from my pocket and answered, "Hello?" I tried to pay
attention to both things but I knew things we going to get hard.

A small voice chattered at "Uh... hello?"

Soon the chattering stopped and it was just dead air. "Sorry, Hey Nox. Aidan
stole the phone as you I called you."

I grinned, "No problem. I was a little worried. I'm surprised you called."

Stella sighed, "Yeah bout that. I'm sorry. I am not good at this."

I laughed, "Neither am I."

"So friends okay?"

I sighed, "Yeah, it'll do. How'd the interview go?" I promptly changed the
subject I dind't want to dwell on what had happened. Or on the fact that this
little woman wanted to be my friend. She hardly knew me. Hardly knew the person
I was. She just met me. I could feel my mood plummetting, but I focused on her.

Stella laughed, "I got the job. I can't believe it. I talked with her for like
ten minutes, and then she offered me the job. There is a dinner meeting tonight,
which will determine whether or not I take it I guess. Apparently there is a lot
of information I need to know beforehand. I get to meet some big wigs."

"I'm glad you got it. When do you start?" It sounded real good, almost too good
to be true.

"Two weeks." Stella sounded ecstatic. "I fly home tomorrow and I'll be back in a
week. They are going to show me places tonight too. I'm really in shock. I want
to celebrate, but I don't think I have time before I fly back home. Maybe after
I get back you can show me around town in celebration."

Emilio cleared his throat and I nodded, "Yeah sure. But right now I can't talk.
I have an important task at hand and my partner in crime here is not liking me
talking right now."

"Oh, that's alright. I have to get ready for dinner and Aidan's things together.
I should have called earlier, but I was so excited I called my Mom and we talked
for hours."

To have that close a relationship with a parent was not something I understood.
Though Jace, he and his family were close. I'm surprised he stayed here instead
of going back home to the south.

"Sounds like fun. Call me when you land tomorrow so I know you got home
alright."

"Sure thing. I'll talk to you tomorrow then." Stella didn't wait for a goodbye,
or anything as the phone call went dead.

I sighed, "Sorry about that."

Emilio turned with a smile, "Girlfriend?"

I shook my head, "No, I barely know here." I stared at the monitor in front of
me watching it in reverse at double speed. "She's human, sweet and all. Not the
type of girl you love and leave with a child on her hip."

Emilio paused his feed, "You don't want to be with a human? Are they just toys
for you?" From anyone else I would have taken it another way, but he was the
father of a man who'd cared for me most of my life. He had to get it from
somewhere.

"They aren't toys. I don't have a problem sleeping with a human girl, but I have
a problem with accidents killing a mother."

Emilio nodded, "Ah, the inevitable truth of your birth haunts you."

I pause the feed and turn to Emilio, "I like her. She's sweet, a good mother.
And she only wants to be friends. She likes to probe, she found out I like guys
and that I have the hots for one in particular."

Emilio chuckled, "And it comes down to someone else." He chuckled again but he
said nothing as he turned back to his screens.

I started my screen again and we watched in silence. I watched as Mrs. Vega
emerged from the door with a package in her hand. I sighed, "She had the package
before she came home."

I started watching backwards until I lost sight of her and paused the
syncronious feeds, "You know the cameras better than I do, maybe you should run
this one now?"

Emilio laughed, "We all have our specialties."

I nodded, "And mine is not this." I grinned at him as I moved my chair to the
side and let him have the controls. He quickly and easily found the next camera
to follow and we watched as she walked backwards with the package in question. I
had plenty of time to study it. It looked like it had come from the mailroom.
The stamps were the same, but that was easily enough to fake.

"We should get a list of employees who have been knew in the past few months to
see if we can find any coorelations."

Emilio nodded, "Send your father that message. He can handle it."

"You think he'll listen to me?"

Emilio laughed and handed me his phone. "Use mine. No smiley faces or anything
or he'll know it's not me."

I wouldn't do that anyway, but I nodded as I found Kai's contact in there and
started a text, "Stamps all look official. A list of mailroom employees over the
course of the past few months might yield some help. Any missing equipment too."

I read the text to Emilio and he nodded, "Good thinking." I hit send and off it
went I handed the senior Vega his phone back and continued watching.

We followed Mrs. Vega through her life backward to the best of our ability. And
we eventually hit what we were looking for, the moment she was handed a package,
from a kid wearing a White Sox hat. And that was about all we could tell about
the person. He was wearing jeans. We had an exact time now. We could coorolate
times of every person in the compound now. We had much more information to go.

"Do we need to search Nick's receipt of the package? Or Kai's delivery?"

Emilio shook his head. "We could search Kai's place but I suspect it's the same
kid, the hat was seen at the hand off for Nicolas, Kai and I already searched."

"So we need to look for the hat then." Emilio nodded.

"We should go find Kai. He'll want in on this." I nodded with a sigh, Emilio
smiled at me, "It'll be alright he's doing better with you here, the way you
handled the bomb was impressive I think."

I scoffed, "I'm sure it's because I didn't blow him up."

Emilio smiled as he headed to the common area where Kai was holding the all
hands meeting.

As we neared the common area my stomach growled at the smell of the evening meal
finishing up. I realized at that moment I hadn't eaten anything except for that
one bite I'd taken before Aaron tossed my food to the ground in one swift push.
We passed a vending machine and I grabbed a dry protein bar. I didn't
particularly like these things but it would help me finish off the rest of my
day.

We found Kai just as I finished chewing the last bite of the dry food I'd forced
into my gullet. Kai glared at me, he looked like he was ready to spit nails, but
he didn't say anything.

Before Kai could say anything or get angry at either one of us I spat out,
"Emilio and I saw the same kid with the sox hat give Mrs. Vega a package."

"Whoever owns that hat we need to find them." Kai said rather blandly.

I nodded, "Yeah we do."

My father blinked at me, I think he was confused as we agreed on a course of
action. It was not something we'd done as of yet. Kai looked like he was waiting
for something bad to happen. Or for me to make a smart ass comment. Or maybe say
something stupid. I must have disappointed him because he frowned, and then he
turned away from me. I felt my heart drop. I don't know why but it did, whatever
it was it hurt.

Emilio and Kai started walking in the direction of the dormitories. Kai looked
back at me and nodded, "Well come on, we need all the help we can get. Tell
Dae'lin we will start in the dormintories. She can wrangle others for the adult
residences."

I nodded. Emilio added, "Sahara and Eli are joining us in the dormitories. I
texted them while you were making eyes at your son." That earned Emilio a glare
and I was thankful that Kai didn't see my smirk.

Kai nodded, "I'll have the rest of mine joins us in the dorimitories as well."

With the plans laid, I sent Dae'lin a text detailing our plan of action as we
walked through the common area to the boys dormintory. Emilio added, "We should
start in the boys. Nick says it was a boy that gave it to him. Highschool age."

Kai glanced back at me as I tried to ignore their conversation. He looked back
at Emilio and nodded in my direection, "_He_ tell you? I know I never said
anything."

Emilio laughed, "Yes, Kai he did. We've had a grand talk about many things.
Leave him be."

Kai sighed, "Fine. He has been useful."

I looked up but neither of them were looking at me. The prior heart dropping was
redemed, this man was going to be the death of me - the up sand the downs were
not helping.

As I ran through the facts around in my head. Something was missing and I
couldn't but my finger on it. Some connection that I needed to make. It pulled
at my memory like a moth to the flame.

The boy's dorimitory was in an uproar by time the three Venatori hunters reached
the double doors that lead to their common room. Mr. Lance greeted them with a
smile. He'd been with the Academy for more years than any of them had been
alive, every boy who stepped into these doors had come under the care of Mr.
Lance. All three of them paid the man his just due. He was a simple man and he
always looked liked he'd been rustled from bed.

Mr. Lance sounded annoyed as he asked, "Do we have to do this? Now? We were in
the middle of dinner."

Emilio stepped away from them and put his arm around the older gentle man. I
wondered how old Mr. Lance was, he had to be pushing 80 at least. "It is best
that we do it now. The boys and yourself are welcome to go back to the cafeteria
and finish. It might be better."

I laughed and the three older men looked at me. I explained my outburst. "Would
you let someone rummage through your things without your presence? I know I
wouldn't."

Kai nodded, "The boy's right." He looked at me and in a much louder voice, spoke
to the common area, "We will do this as quickly and as orderly as possible.
Everyone standing outside their rooms. Do not enter or go in until one of the
venatori are there."

It wasn't long before Sahara and Eli entered through the same double doors that
they'd come through. Emilio sent them down the right cooridor. After they left
Emilio gave Mr. Lance instructions for the Vidden's children to go down the
center cooridor. We were going down the left. Each group got a master key. With
each of the kids there it was unlikely we would actually need them.

There were about 20 halls down each cooridor with betwee 1 to four children in
them. The first two doors in each cooridor was painted orange and that was were
I stopped in my tracks. I stared at the door feeling my panic rise. The
dormintories were not the same as the class rooms. But an orange door was still
an orange door.

Kai put his hand on my shoulder and I jumped. My heart was pounding and I knew
beads of sweat had formed on my forehead. "Bad memories for me too."

He said nothing else and opened the door to show me there was no one in the
room. The bunks were empty of everything. No seats, no blankets, nothing. But I
went in anyway and looked in all the possible hiding spots. It was possible to
have left things here even if you didn't stay here. But I found nothing.

I moved on. I wondered how much my father actually suspected why it bothered me,
it wasn't for what he thought, not because of the fires I'd started, or even the
bullying I received as a child. It was all about fear. My worst nightmares come
alive. I swallowed that fear and moved on to the next door.

Well the third door on my side of the cooridor. Kai had one side, I had another
and Emilio was going between both sides one ahead of us each time.

The first room had four bunks and all four were perfectly dishevealed from the
morning wake up call. I grinned as I looked around. There were no baseball hats
lying around in plain sight, mores the pity. I really wasn't looking forward to
trashing someone's room. So I started looking in the more open spaces at first -
under the bed, in drawers and closets. I used my gift to see if there were any
thing being concealed. I found nothing in the first room.

I glanced in Kai's room and found he was being a bit more throrough. But
Emilio's handy worked was less messy. A few over turned books here and there.
But not a mess that Kai left.

When we reached the ened of the cooridor Kai had found three white sox caps.
Emilio and I had not been so fortunate. Or unfortunate, depending on how you
looked at it. But to our benefit, all of Kai's hats had been hanging on the
bunks in plain sight.

The Vega children found one hat and Kai's children had found none. It made me
feel slightly better at having found none. All the boys were detained and sent
to the office floors for interrogating. I felt bad for the boys. But it was
necessary, even I understood this. Discomfort was the few for the greater
benefit of the whole.

Their search had taken close to two hours to finish, in that time two girls were
found by some of Dae'lin's reconosense groups. There were also a baker's dozen
of adult residences that had been found with a White Sox hat in their
possessions. There was no telling how many suspects they had now, the number of
adults could vary from two per residence to upwards of six and seven depending
on the living situation. The Venatori adults liked to bunk together as they
didn't exactly stay at HQ much. You never knew who was in town and who was not.
It was going to be a mess.

The entirity of the residential search too two hours. Two hours everyone who
lived in this building had endured an invasion of their privacy. We could only
hope it bore fruit.

I was starving now. I could feel my stomach rumble, I knew others could hear it
too. But here was still work to do. Each person needed to be asked about their
wearabouts, why they had the hat, and determine if they were cesari. I could
easily do that. And I did. I looked at each person carefully.

There was about 64 people that I had to look at, but it was fairly simple to do.
I could tell from a glance that none of them where cesari. I wrote down a
persons name and their desigation by what I saw I only asked each person there
name.

I noticed that Aaron was there. He looked angry. He looked out of place and like
he should have been one of the intergogators instead of being interogated. I
smiled at him as I took in his pattern.

In addition to their name and designation I drew a simplistic pattern around
them that maybe someone else could see later. It took a lot longer than I'd have
liked. But when I was done I took my notes to Dae'lin. "This is about all I can
do to help with the interogation."

She took the paper from me and glanced at each one, "What's this? We already
know this."

I smiled. "I only asked them their name. I drew a simplistic pattern I see
around them, and what designation that tells me a person is. I'd be interested
in seeing how wrong I am. But I can't help anymore. " My stomach took that
oppurtunity to growl loudly.

Loud enough Dae'lin frowned at me. "When did you eat last?"

I laughed, "Honestly, I've not had a decent meal all day. Aaron decided my
breakfast was not good enough to eat as it landed on the floor. I had a power
bar not long ago." I shook my head, "I know, not good, I got distracted with
everything. I'll go eat now unless you need me?"

Dae'lin nodded, "You've given me your insight I think we are good. Go eat."
Dae'lin looked at her watch, "Cafeteria is done with dinner, won't be much left
I'm sure."

"Yeah I know. I'll manage. Even if that means running to the store to get food
to make."

Dae'lin laughed, "I forget you actually like cooking."

I grinned, "It's not so much as like as it's a necessity I learned to do so I
didn't have to eat in the cafeteria all the time."

Dae'lin gave me a small shove in the direction of the door. "Go eat before your
stomach chews its way out of your belly."

I laughed a I quickly snuck into the stairwell and headed towards my room. I
wondered how trashed it was.

# Caught on Fire

_Monday, June 15, 2015 10:45PM_

"Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very
pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows
older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and
unquenchable." -- Bruce Lee

I got to my room and found the door wide open and my things strewn all over the
place. How lovely. My gun was sitting out in the open left for just anyone to
come in and fire. I sighed as I put it back in the bottom of my bag. My bathroom
was trashed, all the clean white fluffy towels were laying in aheap on the
floor. Everything was mess.

I set to folding the towels. My OCD was kicking in. Dae'lin's perfection grated
on my nerves, but then again I'd become so accustomed to it I hardly noticed
when it was my training versus my own neurocies anymore.

A knock came at the door I left open. A familiar voice called out, "Nox, you
here?"

I smiled to myself, my heart started to race. I shouted from the bathroom.
"Yeah, come in to the disaster area."

Dorian walked in and stood in the doorway to the bahroom and leaned against the
frame. He watched me as I finished folding the towels and putting them in the
linen closet. "Seems my room was searched rather throughly."

Dorian laughed softly, "Mine wasn't nearly so bad. But then again I'm certain
that I was treated rather kindly due to the circumstances."

I frowned but when I looked up to see Dorian's face he was still smiling. But
the smile quickly faded and left small lines of sorry etched into his beautiful
face. Death among the Venatori was not uncommon, but this was a tragedy.

I grinned at Dorian as I leaned against the bathroom door, it gave a little
under my weight and I had to shift my feet ungraceful like. "I'm sure they were
down right nice to you."

I waved Dorian into the studio proper, there was no point standing in the
bathroom, where my mind was wandering to various things I'd like to be doing.
Things I rapidly pushed fro mmy mind. I'm starving. I need to go get something
to eat. If you don't mind coming with, we can talk on the way over, over dinner
and find someplace to finish talking about what I see."

Dorian grinned at me, "I think that will work. I know a nice little place, if
you don't mind."

I laughed, "Didn't you just come from a work dinner?"

Dorian nodded, "Yeah but the food was several hours ago. But the wine is good
and I can go for desert."

I nodded and smiled. "If that's what you want."

Dorian laughed. He looked down and saw one of my shirts that had been tossed
unceremoniously on the floor. He picked it up and chuckled to himself as he
tossed it to me. "Nice shirt."

I uncurled it from my fingers and snickered, "One of my favorites."

Dorian laughed, "I'd hit that." He said shaking his head with a wink. A lump
caught in my throat was he really suggesting what I thought he was. I swallowed
hard and tried not to show my fustration or my need.

I licked my lips and headed towards the door. "You coming?" I regretted my
choice of words the moment they were said but Dorian chuckled and followed me
out the door and closed it promptly behind him.

Dorian started for the stairs and I chuckled softly, "We can take the elavator
you know."

Dorian laughed, "Habit I suppose."

I shook my head, "You take the stairs out of habit?"

Dorian turned to me and smiled, "When I'm with you, yes." Dorian turned back to
the walk and frowned, "I didn't like the way it envoked fear in you. It's
nothing to take the stairs when I'm in your company."

"You do realized that I broke the dread of heights when I was eight years old,
at your suggestion if you recall."

Dorian nodded, "Yes, but by then I'd had it ingrained into me. Those first years
saw you in my office more times than I can count. Dae'lin having had to adjust
to you as much as you to her. I expect the same of Levi and you."

"Well if he's got as much potential as you think he does, then I'm sure we'll
butt heads a few times. How did your dinner go?"

We stopped on landing inside the stair well door. His smile was not happy more
like he was not ready to share. "I think that is something you should be sitting
for."

I laughed, "I'm not going to fall down, no matter what you say. I think I can
walk. You can't say that and not tell me now." I winked at Dorian.

Dorian sighed but continued their descent of the stairs, "The lovely lady who
Dae'lin has hired I think you might know."

"Seriously?" I shook his head, "Stella was here in the building this morning?"

Dorian nodded, "Yes. She was guaranteed the job."

Now I was confused, "Why? She didn't seem to think so."

Dorian turned a slight shade of red, it was a cute look on the tanned skinned
man. "I told her mother it was an interview, but the job was hers no matter what
if she came to interview for it."

We walked down an entire flight of stairs with their foot steps being the only
sound until Dorian continued, "This whole progeny thing threw me for a loop. To
see if I could bring myself to do what was necessary I left my station for a few
months to find someone I could try to with."

I grinned, "You mean you went to Denver to find a girl to sleep with?"

Dorian nodded, "Put bluntly, yes. I found a girl I could," Dorian's blush
deepened, "with. She was sweet and kind and young enough that my," he paused
searching for a word. I didn't interrupt I didn't realy know what he was
grasping for,. He finally continued, "inexperience wouldn't be overly weird."

"Inexperience, Dorian I seriously doubt that. With a girl maybe, but you are
hardly inexperienced."

Dorian chuckled, "And you know this, how?"

Nox could feel the blood rushing to his ears, "An educated guess."

We reached the main landing and started for the door of the stair well. Dorian
opened the door and put his hand on the small of my back and guided me through
the door a step ahead of him. I could feel a shiver run up my spine from his
touch. I had to swallow the sound that threatened to escape my mouth at his
singular touch.

Dorian fell in step with me and continued, "Well I suppose your guess is
correct, she never complained or noticed to my lack of knowledge. I stayed for
two months before I couldn't lie to her anymore. She was getting serious and I
couldn't love her." Dorian sighed, "The day I told I was leaving, she'd had
something to tell me. She insisted I go first. When I pressed her, she waved me
off but her mother sent me an email bitching me out. 'How could you leave my
daughter when she's pregnant with your child?'"

Fuck me! I closed my eyes, I couldn't imagine that feeling, not really though I
imagined it was painful. I didn't have to ask how it happened because Dorian
answered my unspoken question, "She'd been sick, the condom broke, antibotic and
that screwed us pretty good. We thought things were okay. But apparently not.
I'd told her mother I didn't love her daughter, but I would help however
necessary, through her. She agreed. Stella lost her job about a week ago. When
she told me Stella lost her job, I arranged for Dae'lin to hire her."

"Dae'lin's assistant's time was ending anyway, and with Stella, Dae'lin won't
need to replace her for a while. The meeting last night was informing Stella
that her son was different."

I nodded, "And that you were different. And she was about to become venatori."

Dorian nodded, "Yes. Her son is likely Magnus. 100% of minorem born to a human
mother that both mother and child have surived have been Magnus."

"I know the statistic."

Dorian smiled, "I firgured you would. You did quite a bit of research on your
past if I recall."

"Only on that, not curious enough to find out who my father was." I gave a
hesitant laugh, I really hadn't cared back them to find out who my father was.

Dorian nodded, "Yes, there is that. If I'd known you'd met Stella, I wouldn't
have made the suggestion for yesterday."

I frowned, "Why not? You expected me to sleep with her?"

Dorian laughed, "Actually yes. I didn't expect the child to inhibit your natural
inclination."

Nox smiled, "Seems I still have a few surprises left."

"You do at that." Dorian lead the way through the large double doors of the
building and headed for the subway platform around the corner. We didn't chat
much while we caught the D train heading towards Little Italy. Despite the hour
it was relatively full car, it seemed everyone piled into this one car. There
was standing room only. Which wasn't a bother really.

Dorian chose a spot near the rear of the car and used the strap to keep his
balance. I reached up just as the car lurched to a start and held on to the same
one. The motion of the car pressing Dorian's hip into the front of me. We were
close enough to whisper, I could feel Dorian's breath on my cheek before he
spoke, "I didn't plan this honest."

I laughed softly, "I wouldn't have minded if you had." I really wouldn't have, I
could feel his body heat through my hoodie and jeans and I wanted to touch the
man next to me. I really needed to get this crap out of my system somehow.

We didn't talk the entire trip on the train. We looked at each other with
smiles, pressed against one another until we reached our destination. 15 minutes
later I was nearly breathless from his touch. Dorian grinned as I slid my hand
into his and entwined our fingers together. We held hands to the turn stiles,
how that one little moment had changed things.

The air outside felt crips and cool compared the to stuffy heated air of the
underground subway system. Dorian headed towards Mulberry Stree and wrapped his
arm around my waist. My heart skipped a beat. Dorian was being touchy ad that
was so very not Dorian. I had known Dorian for years, and I'd only seen him once
with another man, and I was in a restricted area and he had been kissing the
man. The thought stirred parts of my body and I tried to redirect my thoughts.

They rounded the corner there were any number of food joints on Mulberry Street,
it was after all Little Italy, for which I was actually grateful for, it was one
thing I'd missed when I was out west. I could get great Mexican food, but
Italian, not so much.

We past several little places that would have suited my tastes just fine, but
when we stopped in front of the would-be maroon awning of Pellegrino's I was
surprised. Dorian had fine tastes, but it was a bit too fine for my pay check.
But I didn't object when Dorian opened the door for me, I should have said
something. I felt as Dorian's hand slide along the small of my back as I walked
in front of the other man. Such a small gesture and I was melting already at his
touch. This was going to be an interesting night.

The hostest greet Dorian with surprise, "Didn't you just leave?"

Dorian laughed, "My friend is hungry, I figured I could use another bottle of
wine and keep him company."

She smiled, "Right this way Mr. Vega."

The woman lead us to a table, they were almost at capacity even this late at
night. It was a wonder that the city that never sleeps really was like this even
this late at night. I would have to readjust my expectations of life again if I
intended to stay in the City.

We sat down and the woman left menus with us. Dorian picked up the wine menu,
"You have any preferences?"

I laughed, "I'll trust your judgement, I'm more a beer kinda guy."

Dorian smiled, "We can go elsewhere." He was being curteous to me? He didn't ask
when we walked in here, and I really couldn't complain though I should.

I shook my head, "Here is fine. I missed good Italian food." I opened the menu
and started browsing and I tried not to react the prices on the menu. But I knew
I'd be working this meal off in many ways. It wasn't uncommon to spend more than
I'd like on a date, but this wasn't exactly a date either.

Our waitor came to the table, "I am Miguel, I will be your server today. Can I
start you off with anything?"

Dorian spoke calmly, "We'll have a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc. I'll poke at his
plate while I wait for desert." He smiled at me and I couldn't help but laugh.

"You think I'm sharing?" I grinned playfully at Dorian.

Miguel smiled and looked tome expectantly, "Are you ready to order?"

I smiled up at him with my best smile, "Yeah, I'll start off with Mozzarella
Della Casa."

"And your meal?" He asked with a slight frown. Not one to flirt with, I dialed
back

"Pollo Pastore." I ordered with a little less flair which earned me a smile from
Miguel and from Dorian.

Dorian nodded approvingly at my choices when Miguel left Dorian smiled,
"Couldn't have done better myself."

I beamed, "Ain't my first rodeo. Though I do hope they bring something quickly,
I'm starving."

Dorian asked, "You forget to eat today?"

"Something like that. Just busy I didn't think about it until I went looking for
Kai with your father." I sighed, "He's a power horse. I don't think I could have
picked up directly after my loved one died. Not like he did."

Dorian sighed, "He will power through it until it's over and then he'll crash. I
think we all will. None of us have felt the pain yet, I know I haven't." Dorian
paused and put a litle thought into his words, "How did you manage, when you
lost your mother?" Almost like he didn't know how to ask the question he had.

I shrugged, "I wasn't close to my mother. I got through it with relatively
little pain. I only have guilt for the circumstances really. If I'd done my job
properly, if I'd not let her superior old school philosphy overrule my
judgement. If Jace were to go, or Dae'lin or even you, that would be something
else entirely. My family is not one of blood."

Dorian smiled, "I'm family?"

I laughed, "Closest I've come to it anyway."

Dorian sighed, "That doesn't bode well for this..." He waved his hand over the
table, "Whatever this is."

I grinned, "And there is doubt to what this is?" I winked at Dorian, it was
meant to display the humor and the suggestive nature of my comment, and Dorian
played right along.

"You have none?" Dorian asked a smile playing on his face.

"The night is still young." Miguel arrived with a basket of freshly baked bread
and I could see the steam rolling off the top and the patterns above the bread
were playing havoc on others around it, it was all sort of harmonious. My mouth
started to water. I looked up at Migued, "You are a god." I winiked at Dorian
and took a peice of bread before it even hit the table. I didn't even bother
with buttering it.

Dorian chuckled, "Don't mind my friend here, he's been starving himself all day
just to fit into those lovely jeans of his."

I laughed, nearly chocking on the bread I had just bitten into. The waitor left
in a hurry as if he'd gotten more than he bargained for at our table, he
probably had.

I finished chewing, "You scared him away." I winked at Dorian, "So my jeans..."
I left it hanging on purpose and watched the scarlet color rise in Dorian's
cheeks before he took a sip of his water. I grinned and took another bite of the
warm peice of bread.

I swallowed and change the topic, "Do you see the patterns around the bread?"

Dorian adjusted in his chair, the interest in the topic peaking his curiousity
in a way that flirting hadn't, I smiled at the fact, but I also wondered if I
was still reading way too much into the whole situation. Dorian strained, I
could tell he was focusing intently on the cooling bread, he finally nodded,
"Yeah, they look like they are dissipating though."

I nodded, "They are cooling down. That's how it looks around people, except it
oscillates, Kai who bends fire and earth, he'll oscillate pretty steadily
between attracking fire and earth. Indicating he actually is as strong in both."

I paused to think about the patterns I'd seen today. I had noticed alot of
changes, the most notable was in Jason, "Jason. He's changed a little since I
was here last. He is strong in Air and earth, but he's got a little fire and a
small oscilation of water now too."

Dorian nodded, "You should sit in his class one day and listen to him speak. I
won't do his theory justice, but it's pretty simple. If you can train your eye
to see the patterns, you can manipulate them all to some degree or another. You
inspired him."

I smiled, "So that means you can manipulate all the elements?"

Dorian shrugged, "Can't teach an old dogs new tricks."

Nox laughed, "I bet I could teach you a few new tricks." I winked at Dorian. He
blushed slightly and I knew my comment had hit the intended mark. The thought
made my body stir and my heart flutter faster. I was at least enjoying the
company and the flirting. "You've seen them far longer than anyone else and say
you can only just touch Air. I think you are your own interferrance."

Dorian smiled, "Perhaps, but I will stick to my guns."

"You are no fun." I pouted playfully.

# Best Sleep Ever

_Monday, June 15, 2015 11:15PM_

Migues brought out the anti-pasto I had ordered. He set the plate down in the
middle of the table and placed a plate in front of each of us. Dorian nodded to
him in thanks. The fresh buffalo and smoked mozzarella, tomato, roasted peppers
and basil looked to die for, almost too pretty to eat. I didn't waste much time
taking a bit of the dish to my plate.

A second waitor came bearing gifts, well not really, the wine was presented to
Dorian and he nodded, the server poured two glasses and Dorian took small sip
and savored it. I watched Dorian test the wine to his satisfaction. The man left
the bottle sitting on the table. I took a sip of the wine, i'd never been a fan
of wine, but it was fruity and I smiled. I couldn't say much more about the
wine.

My stomach took that moment to growl and I looked to Dorian witha smile. "I'm
tarving." Dorian gave me a smile as I popped a bit into my mouth. The first bite
was exuqisite and I was drooling. I could have done my Homer impression but not
in poliet company. God I was hungry. But here I was having a romantic dinner
with a man I'd known my whole life. This wasn't not the first date I really
wanted to have when I was starving. I must look the sight.

Dorian nibbled at small potiron of the anti-pasto. He watched me finish the
plate and the basket of fresh bread. Dorian laughed as I was chewing the last
bit of crush and looking around for more food with a frown.

He grinned, "You'd think they starved you for months."

I laughed, "I ... Well that's kinda true. I have to remember to eat. I tend to
do this a lot."

Dorian shook his head, "We'll have to fix that while you stay here."

I raised an eyebrow, "Oh?" My heart fluttered and my body reacted to the thought
of Dorian fixing things. I pushed away the feelings just as the waitor showed up
bearing my dinner.

Miguel brought out the plate of chicken, it looked decedant. My mouth started to
water as the man placed the new plate in front of me. He deftly took the other
plates away and asked, "More bread?"

I looked to Dorian who just smiled back at me with a nod. I grinned up at their
waitor, "Yes, please."

Dorian chuckled. As Miguel left, "Eat. I'm enjoying the entertainment."

"Entertainment? Oh, you mean me." I gave Dorian a flourishing a bow from my
seat, "Happy to entertain."

Dorian smiled as he poured another glass of wine for himself. I realized I had
hardly touched mine, but then again I had an empty stomach too. I took a small
sip and smiled before I broke into he chicken on my plate.

Dorian nibbled ever so patiently on a peice of bread as he stared at the cooling
bread. I grinned, "Try to warm it."

Dorian looked up from his concentration, "What? Sorry I..."

I smiled, "Try to warm it. The batter is already there, strengthen it. I know
you know what I mean, you teach kids to do it every day."

Dorian sighed, "You won't let it be, will you?"

I chuckled softly as I finished my mouh full, "Fat chance. Just one. Please?" I
was not above begging.

Dorian sighed giving in to my request. "I suppose."

I watched as Dorian with pleasure and curiousity. I wished I could see from his
perspective, relive that moment of dawning when you find that key to the
pattern. Sweat started to form on Dorian's brow but I saw the pattern strengthen
and solidify and Droain dropped the bread to his plate as it became too warm to
touch.

Dorian frowned but he looked up with a half smile, "I suppose you are right."

I beamed at Dorian and patted Dorian's hand that was resting on the table. "I
knew you could do it."

Dorian entwined his fingers with mine and smiled. My heart speed up and I
couldn't help the heat that rose in my body.

I finished eating the delightful mean with my fngers wrapped in Dorian's across
the table. We spoke about the patterns, and the difference in the ay things
worked. We discussed what Jason was doing with the younger generation. He was
teaching them they could touch all the elments if they could see the patterns,
much like an erudite could. Dorian claimed there were a few genuis' among them
and they would rival the best benders and creators they had.

We sat for several minutes in each other's company after my plate was finished
before Miguel came back and cleared the plates, "Will there be anything else?"

I looked to Dorian he'd said he wanted desert now was the time. Dorian smiled,
"The fruit tart."

The waitor looked ot me and I nodded, "The same, and coffee please."

When Miguel left Dorian raised an eyebrow, "Am I that much of a lush?"

I laughed, "No, I just like coffee with my desert."

Dorian chuckled, "Where as I'm having another glass of wine with me." He winked
at me, "At least one of us will be sober enough."

A lump caught in my throat and I laughed softly, "Enough for what?"

Dorian winked at me and I knew that was all the answer I was getting. "What will
do afterwards. I'm not in the mood to return home."

I smiled, "What would you like to do Dorian? I'm sure I can find something that
could satisfy your desires."

"Surprise me." Dorian smiled at me, he's bright blue eyes twinkling in the dim
light of the restuaruant.

I laughed, a good hearty laugh, "That could end very badly my friend. Be
thankful my tastes are not quite as esoteric as Jason's. Or you might find
yourself in the middle of an orgie."

Dorian chocked on his wine as he fought back laughter and slight embarrassment
if the color of his face was any indication. When he regained his composure
Dorian smiled, "Jason's got interesting tastes. I assume you went along
willingly?"

"Of course. What's an outcast to do if he's offered fun and games with a friend
where noone knows him."

Dorian's smiled straightened, "Do you miss it?"

I shrugged, "I missed Jace, I don't miss running around making childish
mistakes. Even if he did drag me to off the wal places as his wing man."

Dorian laughed, "He's grown up too, since you left. He didn't have anyone to
drag around, and then Mia snagged her fingers into him and he calmed down even
more."

"Jason, had been willing years before to calm down for Mia. Mia wasn't ready.
Their on again off again relationship wore them both down."

Dorian squeezed my fingers with his own reassuringly, "Leaving you behind."

"Nah. I left. It's all good."

The tarts and my coffee arrived. It looked decedant. I really did enjoy the
sweet and tart with the bitterness of the coffee. I couldn't have asked for a
better meal, or a better dinner companion. Somehow over the course of our desert
the conversation turned towards the breeding program.

Dorian sighed, "The dowager I've been asked by has decided it must be soon, this
cycle she says. I don't suppose I can put it off any longer."

To be forced into a sexual relationship was not something I could wish upon
anyone. A memory tugged at my mind and I pushed away the fear and the pain that
started to rise. I gave Dorian a look of sympathy, "If Ic ould help you I
would."

Dorian smiled, "Perhaps you can." Nox raised an eyebrow in question as he popped
the last peice of tart crust in his mouth. "Join me."

I blinked at what Dorian had said, my blood pressure rose and my body responded
in kind. I leaned forward and whispered, "You just asked me to have a threesome
with you? That's not exactly first date material."

Dorian laughed, "Is this a first date?"

My heart fluttered and jumped and I could feel the heat rising in my ears and
along my neck, not to mention other parts of my body. I didn't really have an
answer. We'd been flirting and we'd held hands and touched and I knew I wanted
him. From the look in his eyes he wanted something too.

Miguel choose that time to place a black folio with our bill in it. He didn't
even bother to say anything as he scurried away leaving us alone again. Our
visible display was making him uncomfortable. I am sure here was others around
us complaining too. But I didn't care.

Dorian looked at me across the table he really did want an answer to his
invitation. "You didn't answer my proposal."

I swallowed hard and got up from my seat ant walked around the table to in front
of Dorian and took his hand in mine and pulled him to standing, we were very
close, I could fel the press of his body against mine and I could feel my body
react to his proximity. God I wanted him. "Let's see how this plays out first? I
will not accept or refuse if that's okay with you?"

Dorian smiled and pulled his wallet from his back pocket and dropped cash on the
table. I glanced down at the amount on the table and then back up to Dorian. I
whispered, "You didn't even look at the bill."

Dorian leaned forward and brushed his lips against mine softly. My body reacted,
my heart beat faster, I licked my lips hoping to catch a taste of him on me. "I
didn't have to. You are worth the expense, and he deserved a large tip."

Dorian pressed his lips against mine and a small sound of pleasure escaped my
mouth as his tongue parted my lips and we kissed long and hard. I could taste
the tart and the wine that lingered in Dorian's mouth. When Dorian pulled back
we were both breathless, "Your counter proposal is accepted." He grinned at me,
"What shall we do now?" There was a slight hint to what he wanted, and if this
had been any other man or any other time I would have probably fallen into that
trap. But today Dorian's mother died. Today he lost a loved one, I was not going
to take advantage of that even though I really wanted to.

I grinned and brushed my lips against Dorian's cheek all the way to his ear, "I
get to surprise you remember."

We left the restaurant casually. I caught a few glares and dirty looks as we
left, our public display of affection had gotten to them. Good, maybe it would
stick with them and they'd avoid us. I really hated bigots.

I wasn't exactly sure what we could do. Dorian wasn't exactly the type of guy
you take dancing. Though I would love to move my body against his on the dance
floor. I had to push the thoughts away, I wasn't sure how much temptation I
could handle. I told myself I wasn't going to sleep with Dorian tonight. I
wasn't going to take advanatage of the situation. I promised myself I wouldn't
be that guy. I wasn't that guy.

So I lead the way to the compound, we walked on the upper levels for now. The
train wouldn't be here for another few minutes and there were enough stops we
could catch one later down the line. I was enjoying the cool air and brushing my
hand against Dorian's as we walked. He wanted to talk patterns, and it was
easiest to show him things when we were around them. So we went home to people
watch. With Jace we'd make fun of most of them, but with Dorian I expected that
it wasn't going to be the same.

The next subway station I went down and Dorian smiled, "Home?"

I grinned back at him, "Not for what you think. " Dorian looked hurt and
disapointed. I continued, "You wanted to talk patterns, it's easier to show you
where there is a diversity of patterns naturally walking around."

Dorian smiled, "Not hat I expected..."

"You expected something more private?" I grinned at him as I took his hand in
mine after we entered the turn stiles that paid for our admittance.

Dorian nodded, "Going home. Implied a different activity in my head. I wasn't
exactly sure how to navigate that particular connundrum."

I laughed softly, "Not tonight." I grinned, "Shocking I know."

We rode the train home. There was plenty of room to stand, but we choose to ride
nearly the same way we had come. Dorian's hand was on the strap. I wrapped my
arm around him and held the pole next to him and leaned in to him. We smiled and
snuck small touches with our free hands. I could smell the wine on Dorian's
breath mixed with the usual scent of cinimaon and vanilla. I was intoxicated
just by his smell. I wanted to taste his lips again. I licked my own as I looked
into his bright blue eyes.

We reached our stop and got off the train. I followed Dorian out the doors and
walked a few steps behind him admiring his back side before I caught up to him
and smiled agaisnt his neck. "You are delectiable."

Dorian laughed, "You aren't so bad yourself." As we rose to the street level via
the stairs Dorian asked, "I hadn't expected this." He wrapped his arm around my
waist and smiled, "I don't know..."

I smiled at him and put a finger to Dorian's lips. "Slowly. A lot has happened
today. We are just enjoying the company we have right now. I promise no one's
going to compromise their morals. here."

Dorian laughed, "You are trouble Nox."

I grinned, "I know." Dorian's hand slipped from my waist his hand rubbing and
grabbing my ass before we walked into the compound proper. We headed for the
elevator and I fought back the panic that wanted to rise. I thought about the
lingering feeling of Dorian's hand on my waist, on my ass. Hislips against mine.

"To the roof I assume?" I nodded and Dorian pushed the button to the top floor,
we'd still have to take the stairs once we reached the top. We rose up and up in
the plate glass death trap and Dorian put his arm around my shoulder and pulled
me close, "This is what I didn't like."

I grinned at him, "Can't be helped." I brushed my lips against his ear, "I am
fine though, I promise. Not going to crumble or collapse in a crying heap or
anything."

Dorian chuckled, "Good to know."

The doors opened and Dorian's arm had already found its home back at his side as
they slide open and we walked out towards the stairs. The door to the roof was
already propped open and I could hear all kinds of people up there already. I
could see the panic in Dorian's eyes as he walked with me up the last stairs and
on to the roof.

I lead Dorian to a back corner of the throng where I knew a bunch of milk crates
stood for seats. Dorian kicked the dust off of one of the crates before sitting
down, I hadn't bothered. I sat close to him but I made sure not to touch him.
Image was everything for Dorian. And I wasn't part of that image.

I could see some familiar faces, but the majoity of them I didn't know. I could
see alot of air benders, and a few who could do both, but what was shocking was
the amount of people who couldn't bend anything atll all. I commented to Dorian,
"Seems ato be a lot of non-mangnus up here tonight."

Dorian looked around, "How can you tell."

I smiled, and so it began. "A distinct lack of patterns around them. No pul. No
push, they just are."

Dorian leaned closer so I could hear him over the crowd, that seemed to be
getting louder and louder, "Describe the patterns around someone, anyone, just
not me." Dorian smiled, "I don't want you staring at me that intently."

I laughed and I didn't want to tempt myself with my smart ass comment about
wanting to watch him all night long. I noded towards the man in front of us with
his back to us, "The guy in front of us, the one in the jeans and the Knick's
basketball jersey. He's a water bender. Water is always hard so probably not a
good one to use but he's the easiest to see right now. The patterns shift like
water around him. Imagine that each element is a color and if I were to paint a
static image of him in one percise moment..." I used the empty space in front of
him us and used my finger to draw with fire leaving a vision of fire. "The lines
are exaggerated that I'm drawing but the pattern is the same." The lines faded
quickly as the fire disappated.

Dorian nodded. "Okay, they flow around him like water, I think I can see
something. It's faint though."

I nodded, "It'll get stronger with practice, but the strength in which you see
it as well, usually says how strong they are. I'd peg him around a 3, able to
duplicate given a strong source."

A figure stepped out of the shadows and stood in front of us. The only things I
saw in my field of vision was a pair of faded blue jeans and an old pair of
canvas converse. I looked up with a grin and saw Jace staning there. He was
grinning down at us, "You two having fun?"

Jason turned to the crowd, "He's finally here."

I stood up and looked around, "You waiting on me for something?"

The crowd cheered. Jason smiled, "Of course. Rumors flooded the compound when
you jumped this morning."

I nodded, "That's why there is so many up here tonight."

"That and Skylan and Van are throwing their last hurrah!" Dorian was standing
next to me but slightly behind me like I was his shield. I hoped he didn't dart
off the moment he felt uncomfortable, I would leave with him. I grabbed his hand
from behind me and held on to it descretely. I wanted to stay with him.

Two others joined us, I vaguely remembered. I could feel Dorian tug away, I
pulled him back and turned towards him, "Wait, please? Let me see what they want
then we can go."

Before Dorian could answer the girl who was about Jason's height brushed the red
lock of hair away from her face. She smiled at me, she had to be Skylar. "Jump
with us. We'd love to have our last jump with you. Van and I are going to
Brasilia in a few days, we won't have this type of jump again for a long time."

I shook my head, "I don't know. Let me talk with my friend first and I'll let
you know."

Jace pulled the two away, "They are on a date, let's leave them some more alone
time."

I sighed, it wasn't really a date, but I really wanted to spend the remainder of
the day with Dorian. I would love to jump with him, share that with him. It was
almost heaven. I could share it with him even though I wouldn't share what I
really wanted right now.

Dorian grinned at me, "I never knew you were a cult leader."

I smiled, "Neither did I." I stepped closer and frowned, "I'm sorry about this.
We can go."

Dorian shook his head, "No stay, jump, be with your friends.

I smiled and shook my head. "No." I held out my hand to Dorian, "Jump with me."
I brushed my lips against his ear to whisper, "I'd very much like to share this
with you."

Dorian shook his head, "I don't think that's a good idea."

"Don't trust me?"

Dorian laughed against my cheek, "I do trust you. Just..."

I asked again, "Jump with me? It's 8 seconds of your life and I won't ask it of
you again."

"8 seconds in which I could splat on the ground at the end of it."

I leaned against him, "I won't let that happen. I promise. I won't let you go."
I put my hand on Dorian's waist and pulled him to me, "I won't let you go. You
don't have to do anything but hold on. I'll take you for the ride of your life."

Dorian laughed in my ear, "That could be taken so many ways."

My heart was pounding, my blood was rushing to places that made my jeans tighter
than usual. I was breathless in Dorian's ear. "Yeah." I begged, "Jump with me?
please?" I wanted this as much as I wanted Dorian in that moment. I wanted to
feel the rush of the wind on my skin as I watched Dorian. I wanted to feel the
thrill on the landing with Dorian in my arms.

Dorian took a stp back and looked at me. I couldn't imagine what he was lookig
or but he smiled and nodded, "Alright."

I was surprised and releived he had relented. I don't know what would have
happened if he'd said no. It would probably put a big dampener on things for the
remainder of the night. I closed the small distance between us and I pressed my
lips against Dorian's and I kissed him softly. "Thank you." My voice was heavy
with lust, I wanted him, I wanted this.

I stepped away from Dorian and lead him by the hand towards the jump site. Once
we were their Skylar and Van smiled. Van handed me a bundle of fireworks. I
laughed, "Fine."

I turned to Dorian and whispered, "We can do this one of several ways. We can
jump singly, and I'll manage both our weaves. I can hold your hand and jump
normally. You can hold on to me, or we can strap together. It's all about what
would make you feel safest. It doesn't matter to me."

Skylar interrupted us and held her hand out to Dorian. "Skylar. You jumping with
us?" Dorian nodded, "Thisi van."

Dorian took her hand softly, I was surprised he didn't kiss her knuckles but he
was off his game right now. "Dorian. Nox is rather persusive."

Van clapped Dorian on the back, "Glad to have you. I'm surprised you are here
with all that's going on."

I grinned and interrupted their train of conversation, "He's here to not think
about that." I pulled Dorian back closer to me. "You still in?"

Dorian nodded. "I don't know."

Nox frowned, "Dorian we can go."

Dorian shook his head, "No, that's not it. I don't know which way I am most
comfortable with."

Dorian glanced behind us and saw Skylar and Van strapping in. I grinned and
leaned against his back and whispered in his ear, "Van can't bend. They are a
couple they like the thrill together."

Dorian turned around and smiled, "If they can do that I can too."

I cocked my head and wondered what he meant. Dorian put the harness on and when
I stalled he started the process for me. I smiled at him as I got the hint. I
smiled, "Okay, okay." I finished tightening the straps.

I started to ask which way he wanted to go but Dorian was already latching
himself to my straps facing me. I looked across the small space between us and I
raised an eyebrow. He grinned at me and leaned in and kissed me. I heard a cheer
and a bunch of whoop whoops from the crowed. I could feel the heat rising in my
cheeks and I looked at Dorian with concern, he smiled reassuringly at me, "Fuck
what everyone thinks."

He wrapped his arms around me and we stepped on to the ledge together, his arms
still wrapped around my neck. My entire body was heated, I could feel adrealine
and hormones coursing through my body. I softened the ground, wrapped us in
wings of air and wove water and fire into the air around us. I looked at Dorian
and kissed him softly as he fell backwards.

I could hear the faint cry of people getting wet all of a sudden and their awws
and oohs as the fireworks promptly went off as I torched their strings as Dorian
and I fell. I could sense Sklyar and Van to my left. They were screaming with
joy, but I only had eyes for Dorian. His eyes were closed I could see him
holding his breath and I leaned in and whispered, "Breathe."

Dorian's eyes popped open as we landed in the mush that was the carpet and rose
up to the surface like we'd follow into a bed of pillows.

I could feel Dorian's heart beating below me, he was breathing again and I
smiled down at him and I kissed him throughly. My heart was pounding, I was
ready to pop and I knew I would likely break my promise if I didn't roll away
from him soon.

Dorian unlatched the clasp between us and I rolled on to my back. Skylar and Van
were laughing, cuddling and kissing next to us. I was trying to calm down and
catch my breath. Dorian rolled on to his side and watched me. He leaned over and
whipered, "Almost heaven?"

I looked up at him and captured his lips with mine. I sighed conently when I
laid back down, "No that was better than heaven." I sat up and Dorian watched
me, "We need to move."

I looked up and there were people getting ready to jump. I pointed up. Dorian
nodded and I stood up and took Dorian's hand and helped him up. His arm snaked
around my waist as we walked towards the alley way door.

Van and Skylar were waitng for them inside. Van clapped Dorian on the back, "How
was your first jump D-man?"

Dorian laughed, "I'll let you know tomorrow."

Skylar laughed and Van nodded knowingly, "Nothing like being at someone else's
mercy is it."

"I suppose that's one way to look at it, "Dorian shook his head.

Van told his story. "My first jump wasn't with Skylar, I had some prick of a guy
who made me piss my pants. Least your guy here was careful, I've heard he can be
a real prick about it too."

I laughed, "That's only a rumor. I've never ever scared someone doing this. I'm
the least scarey of you lot. Jace started it so that people wouldn't be
clamouring to have me jump with them."

Skylar laughed, "Well it works."

I nodded, "I know." I grinned at them.

"Thanks man, that was awesome. We really appreciate it. Sorry to intrude on your
date." Skylar sounded sincere and both of us laughed as we watched the other
couple walk up the stairs to head back up to their party.

I smiled and turned to Dorian, "Our date... So do you want to go back up, or go
someplace else?"

Dorian laughed, "I think I've had enough heights for one day." He tugged me up
the stairs and I followed. "Something a little more calm and peaceful and less
people."

I laughed, "What did you have in mind?"

Dorian smiled, "A movie, popcorn, something tame." I chuckled. We rounded the
first bend of the stairs and Dorian asked, "It was important for me to jump with
you, wasn't it?"

"Yeah. Had a very strong urge to share something I love with you once it
presented itself to us."

Dorian smiled, "And now?"

I laughed, "And now, I'm happy to relax with you."

Dorian grinned and wrapped his arm around me and pressed me against the wall he
was very careful not to press my shoulders back. He knew too much about it, it
was scary. "Almost heaven?"

I laughed, "Better." I leaned forward and whispered into Dorian's ear, "Anything
with you is better."

Dorian blushed and pulled me against him, then we headed up to his apartment.

# Dreams

_Tuesday, June 16, 2015 12:30AM_

I stilled my beating heart, and I caught my breath as we walked slowly up the
stairs to Dorian's place. I was highly impressed with his status. The money he'd
dropped was impressive but the moment he opened the plain door I was in awe.

The floor was large gray slate tiles, the walls were white except for the accent
wall of wood that was a bookshelf and tv stand all in one. The bookshelf had a
few decorative books, glass sculptures and other elegant looking figurines. I
felt like I had walked into a show peice, I didn't want to touch anything. The
furniture was all modern sleek lines in whites and greys, in the middle of the
room a white long shag rug was the situated under a low black coffee table. The
two couches and an ottoman surrounded the table.

I gave a long whistle of appreciation. "Sweet digs." The kitchen was open, it
sported the only color, a deep blood red accent on the bar stools and light
fixtures hanging from the ceiling above the bar. The same color vases and other
small items were placed strategcially around the kitchen which was otherwise
white and grey with stainless steel appliances.

Dorian was in the kitchen opening a cupboard and pulling out a few things, he
was true to his word, popcorn, and of course he was opening a bottle of wine
while the popcorn steadily popped in the microwave.

When the popcorn was decidedly done popping Dorian opened the microwave door and
poured the bag into a glass bowl and sat it on the bar. He looked up at me with
his bright blue eyes and dazzling smile, "Show you the rest?" I nodded I didn't
trust my voice, I knew I couldn't hide my admiration or my other slightly more
obvious reactions. I had to fight the urge to worry about Dorian wasting his
money and status on me. I was nothing compared to him...

Dorian put his arm around me and his touch brought me back to myself and to what
was truly going on. Dorian lead me down a short hallway and opened the door the
bathroom. It was elegant too, white with gold accents on everything including
the faucets, it was only a half bath. The only other door in the hallway lead to
his bedroom.

Dorian opened the door and I took in the difference of sceneary. Instead of the
blacks, greys and whites with little color as everything else the walls of
Dorian's room were painted a deep blue, the floor was the same through out the
house, all grey tiles made of slate, the bed was dressed in white except for the
accent pillows, I was fairly certain that the sheets underneath the white
comforter would match the walls.

I smiled, "Not what I expected."

Dorian laughed, "Few see my room. Few get to see the difference."

I turned Dorian and pressed my body against his, he leaned agains the door frame
and I put my hands on Dorian's waist, "The playful and colorful side?"

"Something like that." Dorian chuckled and brust his lips against me my body
reacted to him as I was pressed against him, Dorian whispered. "Don't go runing
my reputation now."

I laughed with my lips brushing against Dorian's and looked him in the eyes, "I
think we tarnished that rep when you jumped with me." I grinned playfully at him
and turned back to the living room. I had to take a deep breath and still my
beating heart and I tried not to think about the adjustment I really needed to
make.

I could feel Dorian's eyes on me as we walked back towards to living area. "What
would you like to watch?"

I shook my head and grabbed the bowl of popcorn and a glass of wine. Dorian
picked up his own and the bottl and we sat down on the couch in front of the
flat screen tv. It was far larger than any I had owned myself. "I haven't seen
anything recently. What do you have?"

Dorian grabbed the remote from the table and flipped the TV on and mashed a few
buttons and his Xbox One logo floated through the screen and in a few more taps
of the keys on the remote we were scrolling through an impressive list of
movies. I wondered how much of that was from a torrent and I chuckled to myself.

I saw Dorian look at me with a questioning look, "Was just wondering if you'd
illegally downloaded any of the movies."

Dorian laughed, "Oh you know me."

I smiled, "That's why I was laughing. Such a proposterous thought. Jace might
but you... never."

Dorian scrolled through the movies. "Wait, go back, I've not see that."

Dorian smiled, "Good choice. Fun and heroic."

I laughed. "And it has a cute raccoon in it." Dorian laughed and pushed play.
The lights automatically dimmed until they were left with only the glow from the
movie starting, "Ain't that a sweet trick. I bet you use that on all the guys."

Dorian smiled, "You're the first. I'll have to keep it in mind." I chuckled and
Dorian went all serious for a moment, "I don't typically bring them home. And I
don't think the ones I might have would be so easily impressed by the dimming
feature."

I laughed, "I've got simple tastes, what can I say." I leaned into Dorian and he
automatically turned to accomodate my presence in his space. He wrapped an arm
around me and pulled me closer. I entwined my fingers into his and we watched
Guardian's of the Galazy like that.

The world slid away from us and it was nothing but the two of us watching the
movie together. I could feel Dorian's breath on my neck and it sent small
shivers through my body. I could smell the calm and safety of cinamon and
vanilla on Dorian's arm and I took deep breathes and my body calmed in his arms.
My eyes got heavy and I almsot fell asleep several times, but thankfully the
movie was entertaining enough I didn't fall asleep.

I sipped at my single glass of wine and nibbled at the popcorn, but what I had
truly wanted I was soaking in like there was no tomorrow. I was safe. There was
nothing in the world going to bother me in Dorian's arms.

The movie ended and Dorian shifted to grab the remote and he started flipping
for another movie, I closed my eyes and he placed a kiss on my tattoo at my
right temple and I could feel sleep coming. Dorian started another movie as he
held me. I don't recall what it was. I heard the opening credits. I knew I liked
the actor in it, but I was hardly awake enough to process much more than that.

I drifted into my dreams with little warning. They started as usual, the orange
door that haunted my dreams. I felt someone rubbing my arm and the orange door
faded into falling. My heart raced, it pounded in my throat, but I wasn't
panicking. I was calm, I was safe. I was never safe, but right now I felt safe.

The scent of vanilla and cinamon surrounded me and I drifted in a cloud of
nothingness - happy, content, worry free.

The first ray of light in my eyes caught me off guard as I started awake. I sat
up and blinked away the sun as I tried to gather my bearings. Where the hell was
I?

The greys and blacks and whites reminded me I was with Doian. I found myself
under a blanket with a blue pillow underneath my head. I picked it up and
inhaled deeply, it smelled of Dorian. I could feel my body stir with the scent.
I relaxed into the pillow. I was lost in his scent.

I made myself put the pillow down, I had to take care of things. I headed
towards the gold and white bathroom. I noticed Dorian's door as cracked open. I
peeked inside and saw Dorian's sleeping form lying in the bed. The sheets had
been blue as I'd thought. He looked exquisit lying against the sheets in nothing
but a pair of green boxers. He'd kicked off the blankets and I had full view of
his tattoo. It covered half of his body from neck to ankle. I wondered how long
it had taken and where the tattoo went inside his boxers. I couldn't help the
thought that passed through my mind.

I went back to the bathroom and releived myself. After I cleaned up a little,
wetting my face, washing as best I could I went into Dorian's kitchen and
started rummaging around looking for coffee and what other suitable breakfast I
could provide the sleeping Scrin in he other room.

Surprisingly I was well rested and coffee didn't seem quite so necessary, but I
craved that morning ritual at the minum.

I found some high end beans and started a pot of coffee in a coffee maker that
looked like it had been used maybe twice. In the fridge I found eggs and bacon.
I hoped I was't runing any of Dorian's plans, but I was starving and intended to
cook for Dorian.

I found my hoodie drapped over the couch, Dorian had helped me get comfortable,
I wondered how much I had helped. because I didn't remember a thing after we
finished the first movie. I took my ear buds from my pocket and plugged it into
my phone. It was much later than I thought it was. 8:45. I'd never slept that
late in my life, even if I had a late night.

I started frying bacon in a pan and had eggs ready to go. I was dancing around
cleaning and cooking as I went along and I noticed Dorian sit down at the bar
with a grin on his face as he ran his fingers through his dishevealed hair.

I had to pull my gaze away from Dorian's naked upper torso to watch my bacon. I
knew I was smiling like a mad man. Dorian continued to watch me as I poured two
mugs of coffee and set one down in front of him and started working on the eggs.
He never said anything as he sipped at his coffee and watched me cook in his
kitchen.

I made two plates and set one down in front of Dorian. I ran my fingers along
the top of Dorian's boxers along his back and he gave me a soft moan in
response. I smiled as I sat down next to him with my own plate.

Dorian took a bit of the eggs and he let out another sigh, "Oh my god. That was
in my kitchen?"

I laughed, "Yes, yes it was."

Dorian took a bit of the bacon he held between two fingers of his left hand. I
never thought I'd see the day that Dorian Vega was eating with his fingers. I
was a bad influence on the man. He looked at me and grinned, "No one has ever
made me breakfast before."

I grinned playfully at Dorian, "That's because you never bring them home."

Dorian nodded, "You are right. I'm glad you made yourself at home."

I wasn't sure if I detected sarcasm or truth but it didn't matter Dorian was
happily enjoying his breakfast, "I was hungry. And I didn't want to leave
without saying anything."

Dorian put his hand on mine and smiled, "Well thank you for staying And thank
you for breakfast." Dorian finished the bacon in his hand and looked back at me,
"I would have invited you back to bed but you were asleep I didn't want to wake
you."

I looked down at my plate and then back at Dorian. I wasn't sure I wanted to
tell him. But it was there. "I can't imagine how sleeping with you would affect
me." Dorian blushed, and I couldn't help but smile, "I don't mean in a sexual
way exactly." I reassured Dorian. "I have never slept so well and it was on your
couch. Sleeping in your bed? I'm not sure what that would do. I didn't dream of
Garret last night. I vaguely saw the orange door but it was nothing more than
that."

Dorian smiled, "You started tensing up last night during the start of the second
movie, it was when I noticed you were asleep. I rubbed your arm and you calmed
down."

I smiled, "Thank you."

Dorian started to clear the bar and I took the plate from him, "I got it. I made
the mess I can clean up."

Dorian laughed, "I think I like this."

I set to cleaning up ignoring the fact that I knew Dorian was watching ever move
I made. I felt safe under his watch ful gaze. I didn't want to think to hard
about it, too long. I knew I'd ruin it somehow.

Everything was cleaned and put in their correct places. Dorian only corrected me
once on the placement of something. I walked around the bar and stood in front
of Dorian in mis bgreen boxers as he sat on the blood red bar stool. "I should
go grab a shower and change clothes, I should probably get back to work."

Dorian looked up at me and nodded, "Yeah. I have work to do myself." Dorian
grabbed the front of my shirt and pulled me close as he stood up. We were as
close as two people could get without sharing the same space, I shuddered and
sighed softly as I pressed my body against Dorian. Dorian leaned in and kissed
me softly. I put one hand on Dorian's hip and the other caressed his cheek and
ran his fingers through Dorian's soft hair. We parted breathless and Dorian
smiled at me, "Thank you for spending the night with me. I appreciate it."

I could hardly speak, I whisperd with a heavy voice, "You are welcome. Anytime."
I found it very difficult to pull away from Dorian. I eventually made myself,
"I'll see you later."

Dorian got up and followed me to the door. I turned around with my hand on the
door knob and Dorian pressed my hips against the wall and kissed me roughly. "We
need to do this again."

I opened the door smiling at Dorian. "Maybe tonight?" Dorian grinned with a nod.
"I'll see you later then."

There was a woman outside as I stepped out. We were both having a hard time
leaving. I walked a few steps away and turned around, Dorian stood in the
doorway in his boxers, his reputation was flying so far of left field now he was
going to be fighting the rumors worse now. I gave Dorian a flourished bow and
blew him a kiss and turned around and head towards my room.

# Connections

_Tuesday, June 16, 2015 9:30AM_

I was half way to my rooms when I caught the distinct sight of a small gym. I
stopped outside the propped open door and peired inside. I could use a short
work out, vent some of my fustration. My neck was a little sore from sleeping on
the couch. I was surprised my back wasn't sore too. I smiled at the memories of
what little dreams I remembered having. I remembered the scents most, but that
had been Dorian's pillow. I rubbed the back of my neck out of reflex.

A voice from behind me made me jump, "Rough night?"

I turned around and saw my father smirking at me. He was carrying a bunch of
files, a towel and a bottle of water. He was dressed to work out. He looked like
he was going to work and work out at the same time. I had done it many times,
apparently it ran in the family.

I grinned at him, "Sleeping on the couch does that." I stepped away from the
door but Kai stood where he was. He looked at me like he knew where I was and he
thought I was lying.

"While youa re here." Kai handed me the files he'd been arying and he went
inside putting the rest of his things on the bench as he started warming up with
stretches. "Talk to me. Why are these files important to you?"

I took a look at the files and noticed that these were the same files I had been
working. I looked down at my father stretching and he just shrugged. He didn't
bother explaining why he'd taken my work.

"These are Dorian's files on Cesari and me and others like me. They are how he
came to his theory. These files are from Mrs. Vega about the two cases of yours
and Emilio that could possibly fit Dorian's theory. But since none of them can
bend all the elements only thing I can figure is it's Exuli helping out. It
would fit with Dorian's theory."

"I haven't had time to go through the files yet as the fire alarms went off, and
then we went on a scavenger hunt for the baseball hats."

Kai had moved from stretches to shadow boxing. I watched him as he moved
flawlessly from form to form. He moved with precision and speed I was envious
of. I could have the precision, but the speed not so much. "What are these two
cases you think are connected?"

"They are two exiles you were party to. One was a woman whom you carried out
kicking and screaming. The other you excorted calmly to Texas."

Kai nodded. "Okay. But none of them are Magnus."

I nodded my head in confirmation, "Correct."

"Where are they located?"

I looked through their files. "Mrs. Cox hasn't checked in for about 30 years.
She was last in Chicago with a daughter and her son was exiled with her. The
others checked in two months ago still in Africa where they fled to." I smirked,
"Preaching the word of God!"

Kai laughed, "How ironic. Looks like Chicago is our link."

I nodded. "Seems to be a good start."

Kai took the papers from my hands and set them down on the bench, "You came here
for a reason?"

I smirked, "I was doing that when you rudely took the files away."

Kai laughed and shook his head, "I meant the here and now. Outside the gym." He
still looked like he thought I was lying about sleeping on the couch.

"I guess. I was debating it." I sighed, "Haven't had a good workout in a few
weeks. Sleeping on couches and on the ground isn't good on the back. And trees
don't make good workout equipment." I grinned, "Too many splinters."

Kai smiled at me, "Show me what ou got boy."

I laughed, "Yeah I learned along time ago not to go up against a full Venatori.
I prefer to keep the bruises I get to a minimum. Not too good for picking up the
ladies"

"Or the men, I imagine." Kai said dryly.

"Ha! Kai making a joke at my expense, how new." I spouted before I could catch
myself. I was mildly surprised to see that Kai was just grinning at my comment.
I sighed, "Fine."

I took off my shoes and socks, it was easier to work on the mats barefoot, and
there was something freeing about not having socks on. I pulled my shirt over my
head and heard Kai whistle. "Damn Boy!"

I frowned. I was a little concerned about my father when he nodded towards my
chest. I looked down and saw the black and blue bruise from where Aaron had
landed his lucky punch. "Like I said, I like to keep my bruises to a minimum."

"You get into fights often?"

I laughed, "Not as often as I used to. I was beat on pretty regularly by my
roommates."

"You let them hit you?" He sounded concerned, like I was letting myself get
beat. And in a way I was. At times I had let them hurt me, but I didn't have
control. They'd triggered the reflex Garret had instilled in me. But that didn't
happen often.

I shrugged, "It's better that way. When the big black man punches me first my
defense of myself does't come off as me being the bully. Because I will always
win." I grinned at Kai.

He flashed a proud smile. "I'm sure you do."

Kai was done talking as he threw a punch and I barely moved in time. I still
wasn't fast enough as my father's fist landed in my chin. I could feel the
bruise starting to form. I rubbed the spot. "You really do suck at this."

"I told you I learned along time ago I wasn't going to win with my skill and
speed alone. I needed a little help."

Kai laughed, "You cheat in other words."

I shook my head, "Not realy. I use my give."

Kai nodded he looked lost in thought. I wondered if he was remember what I had
done to him in the hall way." "If you singe a hair on my head I will kill you
out right."

I grinned and laughed, "I'd like to see you try, Kai."

"Stop calling me Kai."

I sighed, "Would you prefer sir, or Mr. Viddens then. Because I'm sure as hell
not calling you Dad or Father or any other such endearmeant. I could call you a
few choice words if you prefer."

Kai sighed, "Is that the only other option. You either insult me or take such
formality I search for my father?"

I laughed, "And yet another thing we have in common. But yes, that is the only
other options."

Kai nodded, "Fine. Kai will work - for now, boy."

I laughed, "Do I dare ask you not to call me boy? I've not been a boy for
several years now."

Kai nodded, "Fair is fair. Now if you don't mind, Nox. Let's spar."

The use of my name caught me off guard as Kai threw a series of punches. I
managed to block the blows with a shield fo air and Kai exclaimed, "That will
take getting used to." I grinned, "Wipe that grin off your face."

We started circling one another. Kai threw another punch and I dodged his hands
would have made contact if I hadn't put the shield of air up to deflect his
course.

Series after series of punches came at me, he was trying to whip my grin off my
face. I couldn't help but grin wider. It was more fun to taunt my tormentors
than not to.

Kai was so focused on his mission that he wasn't expecting it when I dropped to
the ground and swiped my leg underneath him and he fell to his back. I stood
above him and tried not to smirk as I offered him a hand up.

He took it out of spite I'm sure. He probably didn't like hte idea of me helping
him, but it was sportsman like and we were trying to be civil to one another.

We started again this time Kai started a series of blows faster than I could
see. Many were blocked but a few landed as I wasn't quick enough to move the
shield from place to place as Kai changed directions. I was having a hard time
breathing and I needed to end the onslaught, I pushed my hands in front of me a
wave of air punched into the air and Kai flew backwards and landed on his back
again.

I gasped for breath as I walked over to him and offered him a hand up again. He
took it and sat up, "Air benders see you amile away don't they?"

I nodded. I couldn't breath still. Kai stood up and tossed me my shirt. "One day
I'd like to watch you work all the elments like that."

I nodded finally able to talk again, "I'm sure you'll have ample oppurtunity
once we catch this guy."

Kai smiled and headed for the door with his bottle of water and his towel around
his shoulders. "Let me know what you find in the files. I'll leave it to you
since you have a handle on the theory. I will be questioning our inside man
suspects again today.

I sighed. My father was gone just as fast as he had come into my morning. I was
left with the need to shower even more than before, but I'd found a bit more
respect for my father. I would try to do better around him.

# More Interruptions

_Tuesday, June 16, 2015 10:30AM_

The work out had been good for my soul, it always was. I would likely have a few
more bruises to show off later. At least they'd be gone soon enough. I reached
in my pocket and another voice interrupted my thoughts, it seemed the day for
that. "You seem awful happy with yourself."

I smiled at the short raven haired woman behind me. "Been a good morning for a
change."

Dae'lin ran her finger down the length of my jaw, "As opposed to?"

I grinned, "That was mutually beneficial fight." I turned and unlcoked my door
with the key from my pocket. I was surprised it didn't find itself in the
crevices of Dorian's cushions. The images brought very naughty things to mind
and I had to push the thoughts away.

I opened my door and walked inside, Dae'lin followed and closed the door behind
her. "I had a good morning not much you can say that will change that."

She sighed, "I bet I can. You and I never had a chance to talk yesterday. You
have time now?"

I sighed. "I need a shower, but yeah I guess we can talk."

I sat down on the bed and Dae'lin pulled a chair in front of me she crossed her
legs drawing attention to her legs. And they did, I followed what appeared to be
long silky legs up her body and noticed that Dae'lin was dressed to kill. The
light blue dress she wore fit her curves in ways I couldn't have possibly
imagined based on her normal dress. She was trying to impress me.

I laughed, "You try to hard."

She leaned forward not realizing what she ws doing, her cleevage revealed far
more than she antisipcated. "I do what?" she seethed at me.

I grinned and removed myself from the temptation that she was throwing in my
face. "You try to hard." I walked over to the fridge and grabbed two bottles of
water and a glass I filled with ice from the freezer. "I'd notice you even if
you didn't dress like that."

I poured one of the bottles into the glass and brought it to Dae'lin. I drapped
my arm over her shoulder and handed her the glass from behind as I leaned over
to whisper in her ear. "You don't need to impress me Dae'lin." I could see the
color rising in her ear and smiled, "I'm not oblivous to your charms despite my
feelings about this whole thing." I brushed my lips against her neck and moved
around to sit back on my bed away from her.

She sighed, "You...." She looked flustered, her normally tanned skin was rosy
red from the rush of hormones I'd insighted in her. It was good to know she
wasn't oblivious to me if we were going to have any chance of making a child
together.

I smiled softly, "I'm what? Attracted to me? Have certain tastes? You think you
need to grab my attention to win? Would there even be anyone else in the running
Dae'lin? You are the only match the council will allow me to join in this
particular union with."

I sighed, "They want Cesari and you are the only possible solution to that
dilemia right now."

Dae'lin sighed, "It doesn't have to be like that. There can be more."

I laughed, "You don't want more. You want to do your duty and that's it. You can
override my limitations. It's Genetics over love. I'm right aren't I?"

Dae'lin looked down. I had nailed it. She was embarrassed. When she looked up I
could see that she was far more rosy colored than before. "Is that whyyou chose
to be with men? To sleep with who you want? To fuel you limitations?"

I laughed, "Dae'lin I sleep with men because I enjoy their company. I am honest
to god attracted to men. I like women. I find their bodies appealing in a way a
mans is not. I am not shy about my proclivaties because I want people to not
like me. I'm aware of my own limitations and my problems. I like men Dae'lin
there is nothing you or anyone is going to be able to say or do that will change
that."

Dae'lin laughed, "I knew you flaunted your secuality on prupose. But why just
not be gay."

I laughed, "I like women Duckling. It's not an either or for me. I do like
both."

Dae'lin sighed, "But..."

"But what Dae'lin?"

The woman blushed yet again she was going to remain beat red if she didn't stop
it, "I saw you leave Dorian's room this morning."

"Did you now? Who did you tell?"

She looked at him with confusion. "No one. Why?"

I shook my head, "No reason. Dorian didn't want to be alone. We went to dinner,
talked patterns, jumped together then watched a movie where I proceeded to fall
asleep on his couch. I made him breakfast and then I left."

"Rumors run around here like wildfire. They said you looked cozy with him."

I smiled, "And what business is it of your's who I get cozy with? You want my
genetics, I am not going to get Dorian pregnant unless there is something I
truly do not know about sex."

Dae'lin paled. "You don't even deny it?"

"Deny what? That I like Dorian. What point would there be in that Dae'lin? I
like men. I like Dorian. It'll get around even if I deny it."

"But..."

I stood up and walked around behind her again and whispered in her ear, "Do you
want the deep down and dirty details Dae'lin. Do you want to know how we had sex
all night long." Dae'lin paled as I continued. "Dorian has no fucking bearing on
anything you and I do. If he and I choose to do anything it's none of your
damned business."

I backed away "What are the terms." It sat back down on the bed and waited for
Dae'lin go speak."

She sighed and steadied herself against the chair. "My line, then your's
provided they pass as Venatori, with your limitations being the only acceptable
outcome."

"And if the children fail to have enhance senses and healing at minimum?"

Dae'lin sighed, "Death."

I shook my head, "No fucking way."

"They do not want to weaken the lines any farther Nox." She pleaded with them.
"I don't think they will negotiate that."

"Fine on the weakening the lines, I understand that, but there is no fucking way
I'm going to agree to have my child killed because he doesn't meet some stupid
rule. Steralize him, remove him from the breeding programs, but death, if that
is the only way they can go to fucking hell Dae'lin. I will not do it. I can't
beleive you would let them do that to your child."

"It is my duty."

"Fuck duty." I started pacing. There was no way I was killing any of my
offspring. I watched the patterns shift in my room.

Dae'lin quickly moved her chair and rushed to my side. She put her hand on my
arm, "Calm down."

I looked at Dae'lin, "Calm down? I'm not you." I ws so pissed right now at her
that she thought I couldn't control myself like she did. "I'm not going to start
a damn fire because I'm pissed off. That shit was beat out of me as a child. You
may think it was all flowers and candy in my training. But it wasn't."

Dae'lin looked at me like I was lying. "No one abused you as a child, Nox."

I yanked my arm free of her grip, "The fuck they didn't."

"Someone would have told me if other kids were getting abused."

Ismirked, "Who said they told anyone. I sure as hell didn't. But I made sure he
wouldn't do it again when I got control of my abilities. Got another fucking
year of fire starter training for that 'accident'". Nox put air quotes around
the world accident.

Dae'lin sound incredulous, "Nox!"

"What? He fucking beat me every day for a year. I was half human female born
minorem, no one would care about me if I died. He beat me because I sparked when
I was afraid. The first time he was understanding, the remainder of them he beat
me to make me stop sparking. You know the only good thing about my abilities,
the healing allowed him to beat me and hide the fact that he had been."

"So you what, lit him on fire. I remember your last accident. Your
instructor..." Dae'lin didn't finish the sentence as she covered her mouth in
realization. She reached out and touched my hand, "I didn't know."

I pulled away from Dae'lin and flopped down on the bed, "No one knew, Dae'lin
and I'd appreciate it stay that way."

Dae'lin sat on the edge of the bed, I stared up at the ceiling, "If we have a
fire-starter they won't go through that Dae'lin. I'll train the kid myself."

Dae'lin put her hand on my knee, "I understand. I will speak to them about
unqualified children. They will relent."

I nodded, "What else do we have to go over?"

"We can talk about this later, Nox."

I sat up. "No. We'll finish it now I don't want to rehash this conversation
later."

Dae'lin sighed, "I don't want to be a mother."

"You what?" Nox raised an eyebrow. "You expect me to do this?"

Dae'lin got up and started pacing, "The Venatori can raise my children, I don't
want my mother's life."

I sighed, "No, Dae'lin they won't. Your bloodline should be raised by you. But
if you refuse then I will."

Dae'lin sighed turned on her heel and stared at me like I was an alien, "You'd
give up hunting to raise a child? You would stay here?"

"I would stay here even if you wanted to raise the child yourself. I will not be
my father, and I will not be my mother." I nearly spat at the thought of leaving
a child to the will of the Venatori.

Dae'lin started walking for the door. "Nox. How is it that we see things so
differently. I thought...." She opened the door and I shifted the patters to
keep it closed. She stared at me with heat rising in her eyes. "Let me go, Nox."

I walked over to her and put my hand against the door above her head and
whsiered in her ear. I could smell the rose petals of her perfume. "You thought
you'd raised me differently. You thought because I had no parents, that I'd be
okay with letting my children live the life I had."

Dae'lin looked up at me with pleading eyes and I shook my head. My voice was
quiet and distanct, I could feel the pain and the fear just below the surface. I
couldn't let another child have my life, ever. "I will raise our children
without the help of the so-called Venatori community. I will be both father and
mother if I have to be. I will give you your blood line. I will insure the
survivablity of he Venatori race. I will accept that my children may never have
children. But if they think for one minute that I will let my children die, or
be raised by the Venatori without my guidance I will become Exuli. I will remove
my gift from the bloodline of the Venatori all together. They will accept or
they will not have my genes for thier use."

Dae'lin let out a gasp. I could see fear and sadness in her eyes. She nodded as
she reached for the door knob. "I will relay the message. You are too important
to lose, they will accept."

I removed myself and the patterns that barred her escape from me. I saw pity in
her eyes. "For whatever it's worth, I'm sorry."

I shook my head, "Forget it. You have my terms."

I wanted to bit bullets, everything that had calmed me before was gone. A good
nights rest, Dorian's kiss... I focused on his lips agaisnt mine. I wanted to
see him again. I needed to...

"And Dae'lin, don't try so hard next time. You are so just find the way you are,
even after a work out I'm sure." I grined playfully, "And there is much less
clothes to take off then too."

She yelled, "Nox." She hit me on the arm as I smiled lewedly at her, "You are
the worst ever. I don't know how you talk so many girls to your bed."

I grinned, "I didn't have to talk too hard to get you in my bed." She hit me
again and I laughed, "Well I didn't."

Dae'lin sighed and lifted on her tip toes and kissed my cheek. "I suppose you
are right." She grinned mischeviously at me, "How hard tid you talk to get into
Dorian's bed."

I winked at her, "I don't kiss and tell."

Dae'lin giggled, "So you did kiss him. Should I be jealous."

I smiled happily, "Yes." She really did need to be jealous, Dorian was what I
wanted right now. I smiled. "Let me know how it goes."

Dae'lin nodded, "I'm truly sorry Nox."

I nodded, "Don't worry about it."

I watched as Dae'lin left. I knew why she didn't want to be a mother, but it had
nothing to do with her way of life, it had to do with her petition for marriage.
She wanted to get married to a minorem and he was steralized so no kids. She
didn't want to flaunt it in his face. I was okay with that.

I wanted to know what Dorian thought about the situation. I almost called him. I
wanted to hear his voice, I needed to. I should call him.

I heard Dae'lin call out after me, "You aren't supposed to be checking me out
Nox. I hope to be married soon."

I nodded and grinned, "Keep thinking that Duckling."

I shut the door and my phone rang. I pulled my phone out of my pocket and
anasered, "Yes?"

There was a delicious chuckle on the other side of the phone that nearly made my
heart melt, "You don't sound enthusastic."

I laughed, "Can you read my mind, Dorian? I was just thinking about calling
you."

"What's wrong?"

I shook my head and plopped down on my bed, it wasn't nearly as comfotrable as
Dorian's couch, "Dae'lin interupted my good morning."

"You alright?" Dorian sounded concerned.

"I'm fine. I told her what happened to me as a child. I didn't mean to but she
made me angry and the patterns around me shifted, she was afraid I would start a
fire. It kinda just came out."

"I'm sorry, why did she come by?"

"She came over to talk about the breeding program. I would like to know your
thoughts on it all over dinner tonight?"

Dorian laughed, "Is that our way of asking me out to dinner?"

I grinned as I stared up at my boring ceilig, "It's no better thean how you
asked me, you kinda just tagged alone when I went to eat."

Dorian chuckled, "Touché!"

"I can do better than that." I smiled from ear to ear, "Dorian I'd like to cook
dinner for you tonight, would that be acceptable?" I felt nervous, I don't know
if I could handle it if he said no right now. My heart sank at my own thoughts.

"Well I suppose I can make th time to watch you dance around my kitchen some
more."

I laughed, "Who said was cooking in your apartment?"

"I..." Dorian sounded hurt.

I interrupted before Dorian could continue, "Dorian I'd love to cook for you at
your place."

"Would you like me to pick anything up?"

I sighed, "Everything. Steak, salad fixing, whatever you like. The wine?"

Dorian laughed, "You aren't going to surprise me?"

I grinned, "I think you've had enough of my surprises. I can pick it up if I
find the time don't worry about it."

"Like you ate yesterday, nah, I'll do it. I'll send someone to get it." There
was a comfortable silence over the phone and I sighed with contentment, Dorian
laughed, "I've never had anyone want to cook for me."

I grinned, "Good, I'll see you tonight, 7 sound good."

Dorian chuckled, "Sure thing. I'll see you later. But a date wasn't what I was
calling about. You saw your father this morning?"

I nodded knowing Dorian couldn't see it, "Yeah, you hear everything don't you?"

Dorian chuckled, "He stopped in my office to congradulate me on a job well done.
He mentioned your theory on the Exuli, claimed it was all my idea. I nodded and
shook his hand and had no clue what he was on about. You can enlighten me at
dinner about that encounter as well. He never once called you boy either."

"He said he wouldn't, I'm impressed. It was a good morning." I grinned, "A very
good morning everything including waking up on the couch in your living room."

"Happy to oblige. I look forward to seeing you later." Dorian hung up the phone
and my heart was fluttering with excitement. I was surprised at the reaction so
quickly. I walked into the bathroom and started the shower just as a knock
sounded at his door. "Oy."

I turned off the water and walked out to the front door. I was never going to
get a shower. I opened the door and Levi pushed his way inside, "Can I show you
something?"

"Be my guest." I was glad he'd come to me, and more importantly I was glad he
was practicing.

He looked around and laughed, "This is a boring room. So not what I expected."

I laughed too, "It is and it's only temporary."

Levi nodded and sat down on the edge of my bed. He put his hands in front of
him, "I've been practicing. I know I'm not supposed to but..."

In one hand Levi held a small smooth stone. Leavi mporphed the pattern in his
other hand to recreate the rock perfectly. I was impressed, it wasn't just a
replica it was identical down to the life sparks inside. I grinned at Levi, "
Well done."

I created a simple singular flame in my hand, "And this?"

Levi held his hand out and replicated the dancing flame without a flaw. He
struggled a little but he saw the patterns, "You see the patterns?"

Levi nodded, "I always have. Ijust didn't understand. I thought I was seeing
things. But when I listened to those kids described what they saw you do. I was
like, I see that. I see you differently, you move differently. Different than
Mr. Hill or Dorian or any of my other instructors."

I laughed, "That's because I'm Cesari. You do the same thing."

Levi nodded, "I have a class to get to. Can we talk later?"

I nodded, "Sure aytime before 7, I have plans after that."

Levi nodded, "Alright." And just as he had arrived Levi was gone out of my
bedroom door. My mood was elevated again. I glanced at the shower and shrugged.
I was never going to get a shower so I changed my shirt and picked up the files
and headed to the Archives to do my research that Kai had approved. I guess I
had work to do now.

# Family

_Tuesday, June 16, 2015 11:00AM_

I started down to the archives with a clean shirt on, it was tame by my
standards, and hopefully to those in the archives too. My hoodie was unzipped
but I could zip it if necessary. But my walk got interrupted by a phone called.
"Hello?" I hoped it was Dorian but the small voice that answered had me
frowning.

"Yeah Nate, I'll be right down." My data was ready for me, he'd gotten to it
sooner than I'd expected. Instead of stopping at the Archives floor I headed
down to the basement and Nate's "bat cave"

Nate was hunkered down behind his desk while a familiar frame stood in front of
him. I wasn't exactly sure if I was happy or scared to see my father. I wasn't a
praying man, but I hoped my father was in a better mood.

The kid looked up at me and frowned as he saw me in the doorway. Kai turned
around and smiled, "Fancy meeting you here."

I grinned at my father in hopes to disarm him. "I just came to get the data from
my destroyed laptop."

Nate quickly handed me the jump drive he'd put the data on and cleared his
throat nervously, "I just copied the documents, movies, pictures and music,
nothing else." The boy was clearly nervous. He turned a nice shade of red as he
remembered what I'd said I had on my harddrive. I laughed to myself.

Kai turned around to see the boy blushng and the red deepened, "What's that all
about?" He asked me as he turned around.

I laughed, "I told him I had porn, girls I filmed on there." Kai's eyes
narrowed, "I swear there was nothing on there. I told him so."

Nate started spuluttering. I chuckled, "I'm sorry dude. It was a joke."

Kai shook his head, "You like to step in it don't you?"

I grinned, "The more the better. It keeps people guessing. And I don't look
foolish when others try to make me look like a fool. I do a damned fine job of
it."

Kai nodded for me to follow him out. He turned to Nate, "Keep up the good work
and thanks for tht bit of tech help. It's greatly appreciated."

Nate nodded and beamed with pride as his grandfather praised him. I could see
how it could make one smile. Kai started out the door, "You were done?"

I held up my flash drive, "Just getting my harddrive."

We walked in silence for a while. Kai interrupted it, "So... Dorian?"

I looked at him with a questioning look. He smiled at me, "I'm not stupid.
Rumors run around here like wild fire. And I happened to see you leaving his
room this morning before stopping at the gym door."

I sighed, "Nothing happened."

Kai gave me a perplexed look. "Why not?"

"I don't kiss and tell Kai." I laughed, "But since when did you become
interested in my sex life?" I didn't expect an answer it didn't really matter.

Kai answered anyway. "Since the wife of my best friend died."

I nodded, "Death does that. But why do you care now? I'm still everything you
hate about me."

Kai frowned. "Hate is a very strong word." There was silence as they ascended
the stairs. "They don't need more problems Nox." I made to protest that I wasn't
going to cause problems, but Kai held up his hand, "Let me finish first. I know
you don't intend to cause problems. But they tend to follow you around. Dorian
is in a fragile state."

I had to interrupt, "That's the very reason WHY nothing happened. I'm not stupid
or uncaring and I sure as hell don't want to hurt Dorian. I LIKE Dorian."

Kai nodded, "And I don't want you to get hurt either." There was sadness in
Kai's voice, "But that it isn't the whole truth. Dae'lin told me what happened
to you as a child."

"Fuck!" I could feel the anger rising, Dae'lin couldn't keep her damned mouth
shut. "It doesn't matter, there is nothing you can do about it now."

Kai sighed, "There was and I did."

I stopped without thinking where I was. I could feel the fear and the pain and
everything that Garret had ever inflicted up on me. I could see him in my minds
eye coming after me. I could feel him beating me again. I whispered, "What did
you do?"

Kai took a few steps back down as he'd climbed a few stairs after I'd stopped.
He looked at me in my state of panic and he put his hand on my arm, "He was
exiled. Dae'lin stopped me from doing what I intended to do." Kai's anger was
written all over his face. "You and I may not get along Nox. But you ARE my
blood, and no one treats my blood the way Garret treated you."

I stood paralyzed with fear. Garrett would know I told, would know I caved. I
swallowed hard, I felt like I was five again. Kai stared at me "You aren't alone
anymore."

I shook my head and whispered, "You shouldn't have done that."

Kai looked lost, even more lost than I felt. I sank to the stair my feet were on
and turned to sit. I couldn't move, I couldn't breathe. Garrett...

Kai sat with me. He asked in a quiet voice, "Do I need to call someone?"

I shook my head. I would be fine. I had to calm myself down. I took a deep
breath and pushed away the fear. It was the only thing I could do. The ache in
my back persisted, the phantom strikes always lingered. I could still see them
in my head, but I ignored them. I stood up and whispered, "You should have
killed him."

I started up the stairs and when Kai caught up he grabbed my arm and out of
habit I pulled it from his grasp. I yelped, "Please don't touch me right now."

Kai raised an eyebrow, "Is it that bad kid?"

I turned to look at my father, "You have no idea how bad it gets." I sighed, "I
wish Dae'lin hadn't told you. She can't keep her damn mouth shut."

Kai shook his head, "She cares, that's all."

My voice was quiet and distant, "She only wants to do her duty. Garrett did his
job. He did his duty." I spat out the words, "I don't spark out of fear. I don't
spark out of anger." I leaned in and my voice grew dark, "He beat the spark out
of my flesh. I learned control. I am who I am because of him. He did his duty
too." I stalked off.

Now I was pissed. But I'd take that over afraid, anything but afraid. I wasn't
some five year old kid to be pushed around. My father caught up to me again this
time he didn't try to touch me. "Talk to me Nox. What can I do?"

I stopped. "Kai. There is nothing you can do. You can't go back in time and
change things. You can't protect me from myself. It's something **I** have
to do for myself. Even if you could go change it, I don't want you to. I am me
because of him. I don't hide behind the fact that he beat me Kai. I told no one.
Am I damaged from it? Yes. Am I broken? Yes. But I am me. I won't change me
cause you think I deserve pity. I like who I am. It took years upon years of
talking with Margo about it, but I'm okay with me now." I sighed. "You want to
help?"

Kai nodded. I took a step back, cleared the space between us, "Talk to Margo,
figure out how you can fit into my mental health plan and goals. I'll set you an
appointment. You can talk with her. You are part of my issues despite not even
having known me. I will let you in, let you help but I don't know how Kai. My
default mode is to push you away. To make you angry so I don't have to be hurt
again."

Kai snickered, "For being someone who pushes away you are open about all of it."

I grinned, "You caught me in an off moment. Instead of internalizing my shit you
got to hear it. This is my life, Kai. I fight panic attacks every day. I wake
myself up with nightmares every night. I don't sleep out of fear of my dreams. I
push people away so they don't hurt me. These are the tip of the iceberg. And
yet no one knows half of it."

Kai frowned, "And now Dae'lin has voided your trust of her?"

I nodded, "Yes. Just in time for the fucking breeding program negotiations."

Kai sighed, "I will see to it that your demands are met, and I will impinge a
few additional on them."

"Why would you do that?"

Kai grinned, "Because I'm your father and they owe me a few favors. Don't
concern yourself with them." Kai put his arm around me tenatively and when I
didn't shrug him off he pulled me close. "I ask only one thing of you. I want to
know my grandkids like I didn't get to know you."

I smiled, "Of course."

Kai nodded in the direction of the doors we were about the pass, "This is me.
Nox..." He waited until I looked at him. "Let me know when I should go see your
therapist."

I nodded, "I'll text you the details." Kai nodded and headed onto the floor he
had left me on. I started my way up to the Archives, I would finally get some
work done.

# It Changes Everything

_Tuesday, June 16, 2015 11:30AM_

I finally made it back to the Archives, it was nearly noon and I hadn't made any
progress on what Kai asked me to look into. But that was hardly my fault. But
before I started I figured it was a good time to call Margo's assistant and set
up a time for her and my father to meet.

I dialed her number without looking up the contact. I called her that often
before there was such a thing as a cell phone. I wasn't even as old, I'd had a
cell phone since I was in my early teens. But I called Margo more as a child
then I did now. And I still called her regularly.

I called her direct line, but it apparently forwarded to Megan's desk. The
chipper voice answered. "Dr. Silverman's office, how can I help you?"

I grinned, "Hey Megan. Margo's busy?"

Megan laughed, "A big client is in a three hour session. She is not to be
disturbed."

"That's fine, I need to set up an appointment for my father to sit down with her
and chat about me and how he can _fit_ into things."

I could hear Megan tapping away at the keyboard. "She's got an hour next week
Wednesday for a lunch discussion, since I assume he's not here to talk to her
about his issues."

I laughed, "Not to my knowledge. Can you have the paperwork ready when I get in
next week so she can legally let him see my file? He'll ask, he's as anal about
things as Dorian and Dae'lin."

Megan tapped away at her keyboard again, "I can. It also looks like you need to
update your permission for that all around. Who else should have access so I can
set that paperwork up?"

I thought about it. There was no reason for anyone to ever need to look at my
files except me again. I wasn't a minor. But ... habits, "Just my father and
Dorian." Dae'lin lost the rights when she told my secrets to someone else.

I could hear Megan smile, "Alright Nox, I've got that taken care of. Next
Wednesday, Jun 24th at 12pm, Dr. Silverman will see your father. Would you like
me to send you a reminder for your calendar?"

"Yeah, I can forward that to Kai."

"I will send it to him as well, to save you the trouble. Is there anything else
I can do for you?"

"Nope, my standing appointment is booked still?"

Megan laughed, "You know very well that Margo would not overbook that slot.
You've been seeing her every Monday at 9:30 for 16 years. It's penciled in until
the end of time."

I grinned, "Just making sure. I'll see you then." And then I hung up the phone
and sighed, it was time to actually get back to work.

I got back to work with that taken care of. It was nothing that had to be done
right then, but I'd likely forget and I'd hate to disappoint my father. And I
really was procrastinating. I had to do research, the most dull of things a
venatori hunter can do. But it was necessary.

I pulled the large book of Exuli towards me and wished I had my laptop to access
the digital records. I could hunt down a free to use one but that would waste
time I could be doing this.

Thankfully there were books for indexing and I was able to find all the Exuli
currently living in Chicago. There were five families - including Levi's. It was
a small fact that I had forgotten and that nagging feeling like I'd missed
something stopped. It was the missing peice. and that meant I had to go find
Levi.

I grabbed all of their files and set out to Dae'lin's office to have someone
track down their whereabouts, but I didn't really think it was necessary. But it
was Dae'lin's or Gary's job to do this and Dae'lin was just easier.

The annoying ring tone of an unknown caller swept through the stair well. I was
getting tired of not having people in my contacts, I was going to have to fix
that. I answered, "Yeah?"

"Nox? Have you heard?" A familiar voice sounded on the verge of anger and
concern yet I couldn't place the voice.

I shrugged as I continued my ascent to Dae'lin's office, "Heard what?"

"Your father..."

I interrupted, "What about my father? I just saw him."

"He's...", a short distance from the phone the voice called out. "Dorian. Good.
I've got Nox now. Make sure everyone else makes it up here."

I could hear Dorian's very patient and quiet voice that signaled he was tired of
hearing the same things, or repeating himself, "I know Father. You told me
already."

I at least now knew who it was on the other end of the phone, "What happened
Emilio?" I was getting concerned now.

Emilio let out an exasperated huff of air, "Kai has been stabbed."

"What?" It was more shock than anything, "I just saw him. How?" I had just seen
him, I glanced at the time on my phone, it was maybe 30 minutes ago.

Emilio sounded distant and like he was trying to keep his anger at bay, "He was
found in a pool of his own blood. I'm on my way to find the culprit on the
cameras. Same security room we were in last time. Meet me there."

It was hard to fathom how this could happen inside headquarters, there
definitely was an inside man, and I had a pretty good idea who it was now -
there was no such thing as coincidence! I had to find Levi. I told Emilio, "I
have to do something first. I'll be there in a bit."

Emilio nearly yelled, "Nox, this is important! Kai is in surgury, we have to
find this man. He's taking everything from us. You have to help me." He was
sounding more and more desparate, and I didn't blame him, but what I had to do
was just as important.

I took a deep breath, "Trust me. What I have to do is important too. We might be
able to use what I find to help in that search. Please Emilio I have to."

Emilio sighed, "Fine!" And he hung up. I felt bad, but my gut said to find Levi.
I had to follow my hunch.

But this was bad news. How had Kai gotten taken by surprise? That could be the
only explanation. I leaned against the wall in a daze. I was having a hard time
collecting my thoughts, and it was only the sounds of lockdown that brought me
around to the task at hand.

Lockdown would give me problems getting around, but that also meant everyone
else would have problems too. There were ways around the compound without
security on your side, but that was known to only a few, and I wasn't one of
them.

I called Emilio back. He answered with a gruff, "What?"

I sighed, he was angry at me, or maybe just angry in general, it didn't matter
realy though I did feel bad he thought I was ignoring my father. "Lockdown your
idea?"

Emilio spoke quickly, "No from down upon high."

I nodded, I was surprised it hadn't been done the moment Kai was found. I guess
it took a while to get that high up. "I need some assistance with lockdown."

Emilio sighed, "What are you doing, Nox?"

I grinned, "I think a kid I'm mentoring is involved. I don't want to say
anything too loudly just in case he's not, but I don't beleive in coinisidence
and there are too many in this siutation to beleive otherwise."

"Go on."

"He's cesari. He's from Chicago. I know he's new, he's a boy, and he fits the
only description Nick gave of him. I vaguely remember him wearing a sox hat the
day I met him."

"What do you need from me?" Emilio sounded hopeful.

"I'm heading to the boy's dormintory to look for him. I can't get there alone
with a lockdown."

I walked through the cooridors with caution, there was a murderer about. And I
didn't fancy getting stabbed. I didn't have a pattern at the ready, but I didn't
really need to. The boy's dormintory was two floors from my current position. I
just needed to take the stairs. Emilio followed me on the cameras, I could
almost feel his eyes on me. It was unnerving.

I could hear the senior Vega's breathe over the phone, it was ragged and
strained, he was worried. "He'll be okay."

"What?" Emilio asked?.

I smiled, "My Dad, he'll be okay. He's a tough son of a bitch. A knife won't be
what takes him down."

Emilio laughed, "You are probably right, but we need to find this bastard, and
if you think that kid has something to do with it. Then we better find him. The
stairs ahead are unlocked. You can go up to the boys dorms."

I nodded at the next camera in thanks. The stairs cameras had blind spots it was
too expensive to monitor every nook of the wells but it wasn't possible to move
in the stairs without being seen. I trusted Emilio to tell me if he saw anything
I needed to worry about.

I wanted to take the stairs two at a time but I controlled my pace I knew what
could happen. I finally got up the two floors and Emilio opened the door for me
and I walked into the common area of the boy's dormintory. There were a group of
small boys who crying in the corner. My heart went out to them. I walked slowly
over to their huddled forms and knelt down. "It's alright. No one is goig to
hurt you."

One of the litle boys had the olive skin and golden locks. Nox vaguely
remembered him, but he couldn't remember why. His golden eyes blinked at him and
it was the only thing Nox needed to remember, he was the half dragon boy.
"Drake, right?"

He looked up at me with tears in his eyes and then he wrapped his arms around me
and hugged me tightly around the neck. I hugged him back, "Drake, it'll be okay.
I promise." I could feel the boy take a deep breath against my neck, and I knew
what he was doing. I remembered doing the same thing when I was five years old.

The elevator had been fine in the basement. It wasn't until Dorian and I were
riding up past the lobby that I saw how high we were and the fear took over. I
grabbed on to the demin of Dorian's faded blue jeans and I held on to him and
took in his scent. It was the first time I'd felt safe since leaving my home. I
closed my eyes and I could smell the cinamon and vanilla and the light musk of
Dorian almost as if he were here. I whispered to Drake, "What do you smell?" I'd
never asked anyone before.

Drake whispered back, "You smell like a campfire - like home."

I grinned over his shoulder, "Do you trust me?"

I could feel the boy nod against my neck. "Okay." I set the boy down and held
him out from me and lookd at him and the three other boys. "Drake. I need you to
take these other boys to he orange door around the corner. I want you four to
stay there until I come back. Do you understand me?"

Drake nodded. "I will be back when it's safe." As the boys left the other side
door opened and Mr. Lance came out. "Mr Lance. Can you show me to Levi Hughes
room?"

Mr. Lance nodded and headed down one of he halls. "Is he the reason for lock
down?"

I shook my head, "No sir. My father was stabbed. Though I think he's involved
and could be dangerous."

Mr. Lance unlocked the door and there was no one there, it was empty. "He's
alone?"

"Yes, his mentors didn't think he was suited for company yet."

I shook my head "That didn't help either." I sighed, "Thank you. Get to safety
and there are four boys in the fire room that was empty. I will be back to get
them out. I don't expect them to open the door for anyone but me."

Mr Lance nodded, "Alright. I understand." I patted the man on the shoulder and
headed back to the common room.

# Finding Levi

_Tuesday, June 16, 2015 12:40PM_

It was difficult to say where Levi might go. I called Emilio. "Yes Nox."

"Levi's not in his rooms."

Emilio sighed, "I'll do a sweep through the cameras, we should have face
recognition on him I will let you know when I have him. I've seen the man who
stabbed your father. I don't have a clear picture yet, but when I have that
everyone will get that message."

"Good. I'll start searching through the cooridors from here as if I were looking
for a place to hide."

"Sounds good. You should see your family soon. Comfort them."

I sighed, "They aren't my family."

"They are boy, you and they just need to be reminded of that. See your father,
Nox."

I nodded, "Yes, sir, I will when this is done."

"I will accept that. I will call when this is done." Emilio hung up and I
started out the double doors and looked down either end of the hall. Where would
I go if I wanted to get away?

To the left was the cafeteria. To the right nothing much but storage and
classrooms and the like. I went right. The cafeteria would have people and I'd
be looking to avoid as many as I could.

I walked slowly checking each door to see if they were locked. It was slow and
meticulous but it was better than hunting in the forest. I wasn't sweating my
ass off or freezing my toes with wet and cold. He could be in any of the locked
rooms but it was unlikely.

I found a room that was unlocked it was marked storage. I walled off the section
of the with patterns of air to make sure no one followed me. I set down a guide
for Emilio if he came looking for me and put my phone on silent.

I put a wall of air on the door too just in case I wasn't alone inside. I used a
small globe of fire and air to see by, it gave off an orange flickering light
that reminded me of a campfire. It was oddly comforting.

The room was lined with shelves and there were additional rows of metal shelves.
There were boxes of things and some solitary items sitting on the shelves. I
remained quiet, I could call out his name, but I had decided that the light was
more than enough, he wasn't getting away.

I went down one row, one foot in front of the other, slow and steady as I'd been
taught to hunt all manner of beast. I never expected to hunt another like me - a
cesari or even a Venatori.

I didn't like this. I didn't like hunting human or Venatori. I didn't want to
hurt another again. I knew I'd have to one day, again. In defense of my own life
or those I care about. But I didn't want to have to put down someone. I crept
through the aisles. I wanted to be else where.

I could feel the air move around me. I could sense that someone was in here with
me. They were trying to hide. Their breathing was shallow, I could hear their
heart beat. I joys of enhanced senses. But if he were Venatori he too heard me,
knew I was here. I didn't shout, he'd hear me, "Levi you need to come out."

Nothing came in response, but I heard his breath catch, and his heart flutter as
I called his name. I was trained to do this. I was a hunter. I found a veil
wrapping a corner. I smiled. I knew he thought he was safe. I could feel his
breath on the air. I could see the veil shimmer and shake in the patterns, he
was nervous, scared and I didn't blame him. "Levi, come out. I know where you
are. You can't hide from me, you aren't that good. You'll never be that good at
a 4."

I tooka another step closer. I could hear him gasp as I stepped again. "Levi
come on out. You know I know where you are."

He still didn't move I stepped closer. I hated to do it, it would hurt, but I
ripped the veil from Levi's grasp. The pattern crumpled and he collapsed to the
ground gasping for breath. I knelt down and looked at him, "I told you I knew
where you were. You can't hid e from me Levi."

He just gasped for air. "Stand up and let's go."

He tried to run. He stumbled forward, his momentum crashing him into one of the
shelves and toppled it over. I stood up and let the boy think he had gotten
away. "You won't find any way out Levi."

I heard the door open and then a loud off and Levi ran into the air pattern I'd
created at the door to keep anyone in and others out. "I told you Levi, you
aren't going anywhere."

Levi scrambled elsewhere and I followed the sound of his footsteps. "Levi..."

There was no where in the store room to go. I started methodically blocking off
areas I had already passed so he couldn't double back. He'd corner himself
eventually the room was only so big.

I was at the door and there was only a few places to hide. "Come on, Levi come
out. Let's not do this."

"Just go away Nox. Please, he'll kill me!"

"Who will kill you?"

"Just go away."

"I'm sorry. I can't." I didn't want to do this, I didn't want to hurt this kids,
but it was likely I was going to have to.

Levi stepped out of the corner he was hiding in. He was shaking. He was afraid
and I wasn't sure if it was me or the person who'd 'kill' him.

"Please go away." I couldn't do that he knew it. I shook my head. The kid fell
to his knees and started to weep.

"Come on Levi lets go." I picked him up by the arm and had to literally carry
him with the air because he weighed more than I could carry the distance I
needed to go.

I called Emilio. He answered, "Nox."

"Yeah. I got the boy heading to Dae'lin's office."

"I got some good news too, was about to call. I got the guy we are looking for,
sending out an all call with his picture."

Levi started struggling and I tightened the bonds. It was the only thing I could
do as I dragged his body to the conference room.

I finally got to Dae'lin's office and Dae'lin was frowning at me with the boy
tied up with air. "What proof do you have?"

I didn't have any. I only had a hunch and a few things. "You mean other than the
fact that he was hiding. And that he says someone will kill him if he talks to
us?"

Dae'lin sighed, "You know this isn't proof."

I laughed, "Since when did you need proof? I thought we were judge, jury and
executioner." I tried not to spit the words out, but from the expression on
Dae'lin's face she knew how bitter it had tasted in my mouth.

Emilio choose that time to come in, "We don't need proof. But I'd prefer if we
didn't have to kill the boy. Let's get him talking."

I shook my head, "He's not talking."

Emilio nodded, "You know him? See what you can do. Otherwise I'll have to employ
other tactics you might not like son."

I glared at Emilio. This was exactly what I hated about the Venatori. I sighed
and went to do my job. I would talk to Levi.

He was sitting in a chair now wrapped in air and earth that I'd bound him with.
He struggled and the earth bit into his arms. He stopped struggling as hard as
the blood welled along his wrists.

I sat down opposite of him. "Levi. Who would kill you?"

He shook his head, tears started to stream down his cheeks. "I can't."

"You know the charges against you?" I didn't wait for him to answer me. "One
count attempted murder, one count murder and one count accomplice to murder."
Levi paled as I stated the charges that would be held against him.

Levi looked scared, "I didn't know."

"You didn't know you'd be charged when you killed someone? You didn't know you'd
kill someone with the bombs? Did you know your pattern was unstable? That you
did it wrong?"

Levi's turned white. "You forget Levi. I am Cesari. I see what you do, I know
what is possible and I know how to do far more than you can even dream of
doing."

The boy sneered at me and I smiled. "Tell me who is going to hurt you?"

"Why should I tell you anything? Your an arragont prick!"

I laughed. "You just now seeing that?"

There was little to do I sighed. "I'm going to have to let Mr. Vega in. You do
remember him don't you? You killed his wife. I'm sure he has some pretty good
ideas how to make you talk."

I stood up to leave. Levi grabbed my arm as it passed the arm of his chair where
he was tied. "He will kill me if I talk to you."

I nodded, "Levi, what do you think the penalty for murdering one of our own is?"
I didn't wait for him to asnwer. "Death. There will be no trial. There will be
no jury. We have all the proof we need that you killed Dolores Vega. Your hat
you kindly strap to your belt was seen handing her the package. You are cesari
and a crappy one at that. I could kill you now, but we need information. So you
know now, you are dead anyway. Tell or not. Either way it's the same."

I pulled my arm from from Levi's grasp and I started for the door. I was done, I
couldn't do what was needed. Levi shouted, "His name is Abraham Morgan."

Emilio asked over the intercom, "Who is he?"

I knew that answer, "Let me guess, he's the minorem son of Karla Cox. She was
exiled by you and my father. She'd taken up with a human. Mitchel Morgan. They
last reported in 30 years ago."

I walked out of the room. I wanted away from the boy who was a traitor to our
kind.

# The Best Laid Plans

_Tuesday, June 16, 2015 1:10PM_

Emilio came into the conference room and I stopped in the doorway to listen.
"Nox. This boy will help us." Emilio spoke in soft quiet voice that made me
remember the one and only time Dorian had used a voice like that. It had been
the only time I'd ever hurt someone. Dorian had said he was disappointed in me.
I begged and pleaded and assured him I'd never do it again. I'd never hurt
anyone again. I had wanted to threaten Levi and I frowned at myself.

I turned to Emilio. "He'll help. Even if he doesn't want to." I walked out of
the room and paced outside the conference room. I looked down at the floor as I
paced, I needed to regain myself. Too many times since coming home had my
memories overtaken my control.

In front of me I saw a pair of black leather shoes so polished I could almost
see myself in them. I looked up but I already knew who it was. There was only
one person who smelled like that. I smiled at him but it hardly reached my eyes.
His smiled turned to a frown when my eyes met his. "What's wrong?" Dorian asked
me.

I shrugged my shoulders, "Just memories. Coincidence. Too many." I nodded in the
direction, "Your father has an angry voice like you."

Dorian raised an eyebrow at me, "When have I been angry with you?"

I smirked at him. "Only once Dorian. When I hurt Garrett. You told me you were
disappointed in me."

He sighed, "I remember that. I ..."

I smiled and put my hand on Dorian's arm, "No words Dorian. I'm okay. I just
remembered what I promised and what I was thinking about doing to Levi only
moments before your dad came in."

Dorian put his arm around me and I put my head agaisnt his shoulder. "I'm okay."
I took a deep breath and all I could smell the comfort of vanilla and cinamomn
and Dorian. "I met a little boy who does what I do."

Dorian asked softly, "Does what?"

I grinned against his shoulder and stood up straight, "Takes comfort in things
that smell like home and safety." I smiled at Dorian, "I need you to go back up
to the infirmary. Your dad needs you safe." I leaned my head agaist Dorian's
forehead and whispered, "I need you safe."

Dorian nodded, "I will do as you ask. But only because you asked." I swallowed
hard as Dorian pulled me close to him. "But you promise me, you'll be safe."

I kissed Dorian softly, it was just a brush of the lips nothng more even though
my body ached for it, "I will stay as safe as I possibly can."

Dorian nodded, "It's all I ask." He ran his fingers down the right side of my
face from my temple to my chin. I could feel it tigniting things inside me, he
grinned at me like he knew the effect he had on me. Dorian looked at me with a
grin. "You are destroying my carefully laid reputation." He winked at me, "And
I'm letting you."

I caught Dorian's arm before he left, "I don't want to destroy it."

Dorian smiled, "I know. It's why I let you." He put his lips on mine and kissed
me hard. He pulled away breathless, "I need to get up to the infirmary."

I laughed. Dorian saw his father standing in the doorway watching us and he
looked back at me with a grin then headed towards the infirmary.

Emilio smiled at me, "He's never been so open about..."

I grinned at him and put my finger to my lips to silence him. He laughed. "We
will have Levi send a message to this Abraham and meet him at the armory. The
boy is more than cooperative."

I nodded, "Sounds good? Where are we doing this?

Emilio smiled, "The armory. A good enough target he'd meet the boy."

"Okay. We need more than me and you."

Dae'lin was standing in her office doorway and watched. I could see the fear in
her eyes, this whole ordeal was scaring her. She wasn't a hunter. She was just a
glorified paper pusher. I sighed and grabbed Levi by the scruff of his neck and
dragged him out of the conference room in front of me. "Let's go."

He tried to run when I pushed him forward. I tripped him with a small thin line
of air. He fell forward on his face with a grunt. "Levi, when will you learn."

I turned to Emilio, "He may say he's cooperating but he doesn't look like he
is." I pulled him up by the scruff of his neck again. I wanted to threaten him,
to tell him I'd kill him if he tried it again. I pushed him forard again and he
stumbled but he walked this time.

Emilio put his hand on my shoulder and whisperd, "It's alright. We'll take care
of this."

We walked to the armory and Levi sat outside the door. There was a hunter I'd
never met sitting in the stair well, another two hiding in the armory itself and
me and Emilio down the hall. I was the only Magnus. Levi was supposedly on our
side, but no one trusted him.

We heard heavy footsteps coming drow the stairs. I knew the man inside was
probably going to bite it. And when he stepped through the doorway with blood
dripping down the corner of his mouth. He fell forward and a man in a brown
leather jacket stood behind him with a wide grin. "Thanks for the warning kid."

Levi smiled at him. "There are two more in the armory and two around the
corner."

Abraham laughed, "Anyone fun?"

Levi grinned, "Emilio Vega and the Viddens boy - Nox. He's like me. He says I'm
Cesari, or that's what they call us. Peopule who can bend all four elements. He
a half human bastard of Kai Viddens."

"Half human eh?" Abraham raised his voice, "Sounds like that would grate under
the skin of these false heros. Right Nox?"

I sighed, he was trying to target my conflicts. Emilio was watching me. I shook
my head. He yelled again, "My boy. I bet they put a leash on you. Gave you a
handler. Someone to tell you where to go. Who to hunt. Do they tell you why you
hunt? Where it all started?"

The world was spinning. The man was saying things that I'd known, that I'd felt
my whole life. But I didn't beleive it. I knew better. Dae'lin wasn't my handler
she was my boss. But Dae'lin did tell me why I was hunting what I was hunting at
the time. I knew what the Venatori told us about our legacy. I wondered what the
man knew and what he was trying to get under my skin.

I smiled at Emilio and nodded. I was going out. He was going to cover me. I went
out with my hands up. I didn't even have a weapon on me.

"I know enough." I smiled. The bald man ran his hand over the top of his head.

"I can enlighten you to the way." He sounded so arragant. I dispised him. I
hated people who assumed I was unhappy with my life.

"I don't need enlightening. I'm rather happy in my ignorance."

Levi spoke up, "Abe, he's a bender. Don't trust him." I could see the patterns
around Levi shifting. I wove quickly. I waved my hand and Emilio would have my
back. Emilio stepped out of the shadows and had a gun pointed. Everything went
sideways then. Abraham fired his gun. I hadn't even seen he'd had one. Levi's
patterns flew and there was only moments to act. I had a shield of air between
me and everyone else in the blink of an eye. A fireball loosed in the next
second. Emilio's gun fired past me and I wrapped him in air and flung him out of
the bullets.

I blinked away the blur and rubbed my ear from the sound of the gunshots. I had
my back to the scene but all I could hear was the sound of Abraham screaming. I
didn't look, I wove a band of air and I used the sound of his screams to find my
target. I used a pattern of air and sliced his head clean from his body. I
looked up from the ground and was looking at Emilio against the wall, he was
holdhing his shoulder but was otherwise alright. But I asked anyway, "You
alright?"

The senior Vega nodded, "I am. I think my shoulder is dislocated but I'm fine."
The men in the armory poked their heads out their guns seeking a target. "Better
late than never."

I had to laugh, "They did their job, they protected the armory. I had you."

Emilio laughed, "Yeah, but you dislocated my shoulder."

I smiled, "I'm sorry."

Abraham Morgan was dead when I turned around. I saw Levi's body slumped over on
the ground and two weeping holes in his chest. Emilio's target had been true,
take out the most dangerous one. The one that could hurt us the most. Abraham
was minorem. I stood over the burning corpse and doused it with water. The two
from the armory sighed with releif.

Emilio put his arm around my shoulder, "I knew you had him. You could have let
him suffer a little more though."

I looked at the older man and frowned, "I promised your son I would never do
that to anyone again."

Emilio looked at me with sadness in his eyes. "There were rumors back then."

I nodded, "I'd prefer they stay rumors."

Emilio pulled me into a hug, "Of course." He whispered to me, "I think my son
will forgive this act of vengence for his mother and for saving my life."

I shook my head, "I'm sure he will. But that's not the point. His screams
reminded me of that moment in my life. I couldn't let him suffer anymore or I'd
have a panic attack. I didn't give him mercy I was being selfish."

Emilio tightened the hug, "Thank you."

I nodded agasint him chest, "I think we need to get you to the infirmary."

Emilio laughed, "Yes, that is probably a good idea."

# Waiting

_Tuesday, June 16, 2015 2:00PM_

Emilio pulled out his phone and called someone. I heard him tell them to lift
the lockdown and send everyone home. The perps were dead and life was to go back
to normal. They would send cleaners to dispose of the bodies and perpare the
fallen hunter for an honorable funeral.

I walked with Emilio towards the infirmary. He seemed to be in a bit of pain,
"You need assistance?"

Emilio shook his head, "It could have been worse. I don't know what you saved me
from, the fireball or the bullets, but either way I am grateful."

I smiled, "No problem." I noticed Emilio was sliding his leg a little more with
each step. I picked up his arm and wrapped it around my shoulders and helped the
senior Vega, "Let me help you. I'd hate to see you fall down."

Emilio laughed, "I ain't that old son."

I grinned back at him, "As you say, sir." He chuckled at me and we made our way
to the elevator as the lockdown lifted. I braced myself for the short rise to
the infirmary. I was at least distracted from most of it with Emilio's weight on
my shoulders.

He felt me stiffen as we ascended, he chuckled to himself, "You can fight
dragons, and vampires and creatures with lycanthropy but the little itty bitty
elevator ride makes you uncomfortable."

I laughed, when you put it like that it sounded even worse than it felt. "We all
have our issues."

Emilio nodded, "We do at that."

The elevator doors opened into the lobby of the infirmary and Emilio pointed to
the correct location where Kai's family would be waiting for the surgury to be
completed. We didn't make it that far before a nurse stopped in front of us and
frowned, "What happened to him?"

Emilio laughed, "I was thrown against a wall to save my life."

The woman frowned. I smiled my best friendly smile and her frown softened but it
didn't go away, "He has a dislocated shoulder and I think he might have been hit
by a stray bullet in the leg. But I can't say for sure, he's limping a bit."

Emilio looked down, "Yeah and everythings starting to hurt now that the
adrenaline is fading." The nurse called for a wheel chair and I held Emilio as
he nodded down the cooridor. "They are in there, son. Go check on them, and your
father and tell my son I'm fine."

I nodded, "Yes sir." The nurse and I helped Emilio down into the wheel chair and
I watched as he was wheeled the opposit direction. I walked slowly towards the
waiting room. I wasn't part of the family but he was my father and I did care
despite what people might think.

From behind I felt an arm wrap around my waist and hand me a styrofoam cup full
of what smelled like burnt coffee. I leaned into Dorian's embrace and took the
coffee and a sip before I turned to smile at him. "You father is being seen now,
he's fine. Though I think I dislocated his shoulder when I threw him to safety."

"Threw him?" Dorian asked with curiousity.

"Everything happened so fast there was little time to do much else. How's Kai?"
I asked. We had stopped just outside the waiting room near a wall out of the
way.

Dorian shrugged, "Still in surgery." He cocked his head to the side before, "Do
you want me to stay?"

I looked into the waiting room and saw people with whom I really didn't know.
They were family but they weren't too. I nodded my head, "Yes, please. But I
have to go do something first. I promised someone. You can come with."

Dorian nodded, and we headed back down to the boys dorms. Mr. Lance was herding
boys through doors. He sighed with releif at me. "You are right they won't open
the door."

I nodded, "That's why I'm here. I'll take care of it." I headed towards the room
that I'd told them to stay. I stood before the orange door and tried my hardest
not to freak out over it. I felt Dorian's hand at the small of my back. I smiled
at him and then knocked on the door. "Go away." A small voice yelled from the
other side.

"It's me, you can come out now. It's safe. The bad men are all gone."

I heard small voices talking and then I heard the door unlock and one golden eye
opened the door and peeked through. He smiled and opened the door fully and
tossed himself at me. I managed to grab him before he fell to the floor. The
other three boys tumbled after him and I fell to the floor in a heap of boys. I
grinned I had not expect all of them to fling themselves at me, but there it
was.

I sat up and the boys were giggling. "Mr. Lance will take care of you now. Okay.
I need you to listen to him."

They all nodded as Mr. Lance walked into the double doors that had separated the
hall from the common area. "Good, come along boys. We've got some cleaning to
do."

They scrambled up after Mr. Lance and he nodded in my direction. Dorian offered
me a hand up which I gratefully took. He grinned at me, "I like watching you in
your element."

I had a feeling I knew what he meant but I just grinned at him and let it go. I
had to go see my so-called family now. Dorian saw the hesitation in my eyes and
he wrapped his arm around my waist and guided me through the halls and back to
the Infirmary. I looked inside and I truly wanted to leave, but I wanted to know
how my fater was doing, and that required waiting on the doctors to return, so I
went in.

Iris looked up with grief and worry in her eyes. She smiled at me and spoke
softly, "Thank you for catching the man who did this."

I nodded, "I didn't do it alone. But I'm glad we got him too."

She smiled and turned back to her family, she was holding her daughters hand and
her husband stood near by with a look that said he wanted to be elsewhere.

Dorian and I sat down in a corner away from the rest of them. I felt completely
out of place in their family space they'd occupied. There were kids sprawled out
on the floor. Two were coloring and a third was playing with several matchbox
cars. I grinned as I watched him play.

A rather large man stood in front of me. I looked up to find my oldest half
brother standing above me considering what to say. His eyes were rimmed in red
and his eyes were puffy. He'd been crying recently. I waved my hand to the chair
and he sat down next to me without prompting, which I was grateful for he was
making me nervous. I glanced at him from my seat and he just sat there. I
smiled, "You're welcome. He didn't go quietly."

Adam smirked. "I'm glad."

We sat in silence, the children were the only ones chattering with one another.
Dorian sat with his leg pressed against mine and Adam at my other side, it was
oddly comforting to be accepted.

A doctor stepped into the room and Iris and Adam both stood up and they walked
over to him. I could have eavesdropped had I wanted to, instead I watched my
half-sister's expression. The relief flooded her face and I knew Kai would be
fine. She smiled and her and Adam shared a quick hug before they returned to
their families. Adam came back and sat down next to me and smiled, "He'll be
alright."

I grinned, "He's too stubborn to let a little stabbing stop him."

Adam laughed, "That is the truth."

The mood in the room had lightened. Everyone was feeling slightly better. Iris
smiled, "Father is going to be fine, if he wakes up. We all know he can't stand
to be bed ridden, he'll be up and attem before no time."

Iris looked to her husband and he was already ushering their children out the
door. She came and sat down next to Adam. Marius was already out the door, "I'm
gonna grab some grub."

Iris smiled, "Go home. Get some rest, no need for all of us to stay here and
wait."

I nodded, "You sure?"

She nodded, "Yeah, he's gonna be fine. You've done enough for Father now. Go get
some sleep." Iris reached acrossed her brother's lap and patted my knee. "Eat.
Come back tomorrow. Don't be a stranger."

I nodded. Dorian took my hand and I stood next to him, Adam frowned at the
gesture but Iris smiled as Dorian spoke, "He won't."

"I'll see you tomorrow." I nodded, "Both of you."

Dorian wrapped his arm around my waist when we made it out of the waiting room
door. "Let's go have an early dinner."

I laughed, "I didn't have time to get anything."

Dorian grinned, "Don't worry about it, we'll figure something out."

We walked in silence the rest of the way. Dorian's arm guiding me. We took the
elevator up to Dorian's room. Dorian let me have my back to the lobby and he
stood in front of me. He smiled and watched my face as we rode the elevator. My
body tensed as we started rising, his hand rubbing small circles at the small of
my back. I leaned into his chest and let him comfort me. He chuckled softly,
"The first time you did that I was at a loss for words. I didn't know what to
do."

I pulled back and looked at him with a grin. "You did everything I needed you
to."

"It's a little ironic don't you think?" He asked.

I shrugged, "Maybe, but I don't want to think about it. I like where this is
going."

Dorian nodded, "I do too." The doors opened and Dorian turned around and held my
hand the whole way to his room. There was no one between here and there, but I
was surprised at all the open displays. I had never seen Dorian with anyone so
openly before. His father hadn't either from what he'd said earlier.

Dorian unlocked the door to his rooms and let me in before he shut the door
behind him. I still felt like I didn't want to touch anything. Everything was
perfect in here. Almost museum quality. Dorian left me standing again in his
door way as he started opening and closing cabinets. I grinned and walked over
to the bar and sat down in the blood red swivle chair and gave it a spin before
catching myself on the edge of the bar.

I looked up and saw Dorian grinning at me. I asked, "What are you looking for?"

Dorian blushed slightly, "Coffee. I didn't figure you'd want wine."

I laughed, "Cupboard by the fridge, second shelf. I put it back where I found
it."

Dorian nodded, "I don't make coffee at home often. Usually get it on the go."

I nodded, "I know."

He gave me a fake glare as he walked around the bar and stood next to my chair
and turned me to face him, stepping between my legs. "If you think you know my
kitchen so well, you find it." He grinned at me.

I smiled up at him and stood up. My body pressed against his because he didn't
move to let me stand. I could feel the heat of his body through my clothes and I
licked my lips. "I don't mind if I do."

Dorian chuckled and stepped aside, letting me walke around the bar to make
coffee. When I turned around Dorian was sitting in the seat I'd vacated only
moments before. His blue eyes were watching me as I moved through his gourmet
kitchen that he hardly used.

"You hungry?" I asked him.

He nodded, "I am. Are you? I'm sure you've not eaten since breakfast."

I laughed, "At least I ate breakfast. But yes I'm fanished."

Dorian laughed, "I think there is food in the fridge."

I opened it expecting to find nothing really but I was wrong, there was a
package of what I could only assume were stake and in the vegetable drawers were
actual vegetables. I grinned at them as I pulled everything out. Dorian smiled,
"I had my assistant run an errand for me. She said she knew exactly what to
buy."

I nodded, "You had Claudia buy dinner for you?"

"I didn't think you'd have time. And it insured that you'd actually cook for me
again." Dorian chuckled.

I grined and walked around the bar and wrapped my arms around his neck from
behind and kissed his neck, "You are too thoughtful."

Dorian spun around in my arms and wrapped his arms around my back and fished out
my phone. I laughed, "You want me to dance around too eh?"

Dorian only smiled at me as he turned back around to flip through my phone and
the playlists on it.

I walked around the bar and started to prepare dinner. I washed the vegetables
before turning around to use the bar and chop them so I could throw them in the
oven. Dorian continued to flip through the music on my phone. He was either not
finding what he wanted or he was lost somewhere on it. I couldn't tell but I
smiled as I watched him as I methodically cut the carrots and squash his
assitant had bought. There was even some corn, I hated corn on the cob. Not the
food itself but prepping it always sucked. All those silk hairs drove me crazy.

My phone rang and Dorian nearly dropped my phone on the bar. He looked up at me
and I held up my hands they were full of debris from the corn, he swipped it,
"Nox's phone."

He grinned, "His hands are busy at the moment I can put you on speaker."

Dorian set the phone down and Stella's name sat at the top. "You are on speaker
now."

Stella's sweet voice answered, "Nox?"

"Yeah I'm here." I continued chopping vegetables

"Who answered your phone? I recognize the voice but can't place it."

Dorian chuckled to himself. "That was Dorian - my friend who sent the wine."

Dorian's face turned a slight shade of rose, he hadn't realized I knew he'd sent
it. "As in Dorian Vega?"

I laughed, "Yes ma'am, one and the same."

"How do you know him?"

Dorian was watching my face. "I've known him my whole life for the most part
anyway."

"I thought...Wait you are one of these Venatori?" She was slowly peicing things
together.

I nodded despite the fact that she co uldn't see me. "Yes and no. I'm half
Venatori. I'm more like Aidan. My mother was human, my fahter Veantori."

"And you are what screwing Dorian?"

I laughed, "Well I haven't screwed him yet, if you must know." Dorian blushed
furiously but he remained quiet.

"Did you know he's my ex?" She sounded angry.

"I didn't know when we met. Or when I came over for dinner. Or when you called
me to tell me you had gotten the job. I found out last night after your meeting
with Dorian."

Stella sighed, "He never said anything when I mentioned meeting you. He's
Aidan's father Nox."

"I know. It explains a little."

"How so?"

"It explains why I liked him. Why I was willing to let a strange kid climb all
over me."

"I don't understand." She sounded confused.

I sighed, "Dorian has always been a kind of safety net for me. He was there
after the first time I flew, when I came here. He was there after every single
test and every single thing that went good or wrong with my life. Always there
when I needed to be caught. Your son, despite my recognition of it, reminded me
very much of his father."

"When were you going to tell me you knew this?"

I laughed. "I told you the first chance I got."

She sighed, "I asked."

This was going to go badly either way I looked at it. "Stella. I'm not going to
agrue about this. You are a potential friend, nothing more, by your own
admission. I like Dorian. He's not going anywhere. Call me when you get back to
New York, or when you know exactly your plans. I'll help you move if you need me
to. But Dorian - he's not going anywhere. I need to go. I'm in the middle of
cooking dinner for me and my date and I'd like to finish it off please. Call. Or
don't. You make your choice. I'm with your ex it's not going to change."

Stella hung up. She hadn't even said anything. I sighed, "I don't suppose that
went well. I'm sorry."

Dorian frowned, "I'm sorry. I think this has been a giant mess no matter how you
look at it."

"Nothing either of us could have done differently."

Dorian laughed, "I suppose not. Though I could not have slept with her."

I grinned, "And what fun would that be."

I put the vegetables on a cooking sheet and poured some olive oil and threw on
some herbs and spices and put them in the oven. I started the steaks as Dorian
changed the topic to the music on my phone. He hadn't been lost. He'd said there
is a lot to learn about a person by what they had on their playlist. He had
gotten involved in it until the phone rang. It was then that I learned Dorian
had gone to college for a phscyology degree. It made sense. It also made me
wonder how he had the time to do that and his job in the Venatori. But he had.

We chatted while I finished up the steaks and the vegetables roasted in the
oven. Dorian gave a loud sniff and explaimed, "I don't think my kitchen has ever
smelled so divine."

I laughed, I refrained from my smart as comment about how I was in the kitchen.
I turned to Dorian and he had this look that said he was waiting for me to say
something. I laughed. As I turned back to plate the steaks and let them rest a
few minutes.

Dorian glanced at me with a grin, "I'm going to go change into something more
comfortable."

I grinned at him, my imagination could run wild with a statement like that, and
if a woman had told me that I would have expected to have her come out in
lengerie that left nothing to the imagination, but Dorian was not a woman and I
doubted that was what he meant. He was wearing a suit and tie and had been for
the better part of the day.

I nodded and I let my imagination wander. I remembered seein him this morning
half naked. His tattoo calling attention to every aspect of his body. My body
reacted and I turned my attentions to the vegetables.

I plated the food neatly onto a plate, I could have made a grand appearance of
it but never really saw the appeal in that. Though for Dorian I might have to do
that one time. Making something fancy and very Dorianesque. But today it was
steak, and steak didn't need to be fancy it just needed to be awesome.

I poured two glasses of red wine. I assumed it was for dinner, but if not I'm
sure Dorian would say something. He grinned at me when he walked out of his hall
as I was pouring the second glass.

I looked up and watched him pad his way towards me in a white t-shirt that left
little to the imagination the way it fit his chest. The shorts hung to his knees
but he was still pefectly ironed. No wrinkles anywhere. I licked my lips and he
chuckled to himself, "I'm glad I have the effect on you."

I laughed, "And how could you doubt the effect you'd have on a man, or a woman
for that matter."

Dorian laughed, "Sit Nox and eat."

I obeyed the command. I sat down next to Dorian and sipped at the wine before
cutting into the steak. It melted in my mouth and I heard Dorian let out a moan
of appreciation at the food he'd just eaten. I chuckled to myself. "I'd like to
hear that again some other day."

We finished food and sat and talked about everything and yet nothing in
particular. We talked patterns. We talked likes and dislikes. There was nothing
stressful about what we talked about. I was full, relaxed and I was falling head
over heels for this man. I couldn't stop smiling and yet I could feel myself
pulling away. Like I always did. But Dorian he'd put his hand on mine, or on my
knee and he'd draw me back with a smile, or a simple phrase.

Dorian looked down at the watch he wore and whistled at the time. It had been
late afternoone when we'd come here, "It's almost 10."

I was as shocked as he was. We'd wasted away the time in his kitchen. It was
like knowing the time made me tired I yawned and Dorian laughed, "Am I keeping
you up past your bed time?"

I grinned, "No but I've had a long day."

Dorian nodded, "It's been a rough few days for us all." He stood up and held out
his hand to me, "Bed this time."

I laughed and stood up, "It'd be my pleasure."

Dorian hooked his arm around my waist and lead me to his room, his hand resting
against the pocket of my jeans, he'd hooked his thumb inside and drapped his arm
around my waist. I loved feeling his warmth against me. He was safe. I felt
safe.

Dorian didn't turn on the lights, he left the bedroom door open and the light
from the hall shined in as he pulled back the covers. I ran my hand down the
satiny sheets. They looked satiny but they were microfiber. Very plesant against
the skin but they were as bad as silk and satin with the slippery. I grinned at
him as I pulled my shirt over my head.

I saw Dorian watching and I slowly undid my jeans. I could feel his eyes on me
as I disrobed. I kicked of my shoes and slide my pants down before climbing into
Dorian's bed with only my boxers on. I hadn't looked up to see Dorian. I knew
what he wore to bed. I propped up on my elbow and watched Dorian climb into bed.
He laid back and smiled up at me as I leaned down and kissed him. All sorts of
reactions collided in my body and my mind. But most of all I wanted sleep and
that was highly unsual for me. I was in bed with a goregous man and I was going
to behave myself.

I pulled away from Dorian's lips and slide down the length of his body and put
my head on his shoulder. His arm wrapped around me in reflex. I drapped my arm
over his chest and whispered, "Night."

Dorian chuckled as he kissed the top of my head softly, "Good night Nox."

# Father

_Tuesday, June 17, 2015 7:00AM_

The sun was streaming through the blue curtains giving off a sweet blue hue to
the room. I woke up on my side with a tattood arm draped over my waist. Moving
could wake up Dorian but I rolled over under his arm and he adjusted slightly. I
lay on my back watching him sleep. It was a strange feeling just lying here not
wanting to leave. I never stayed the night. I had never slept so well either. I
hadn't meant to sleep so long.

I lifted Dorian's arm and brought his hand to my lips and kissed it gently. He
smiled softly in his sleep. I rolled over to my other side to face Dorian. His
hand entwined in mine as I watched him a little longer.

But I grew restless. I leaned over and kissed Dorian sofly. He muttered
something unintelligible and I grinned. I whispered,"Dorian. I'm going to grab a
shower. And borrow a clean shirt."

His eye opened bleary with a smile smile. "Go back to bed."

I laughed and whispered again. "Going to borrow a t-shirt and take a shower."

This time Dorian comprehended me and muttered,"Fine." He pulled the blanket over
his head to block the light. Dorian was definitely not a morning person. I would
have to remember that.

I walked over to the chest of drawers and hoped Dorian owed something other than
a white shirt. Thankfully he had other solid colors. I pulled a red one out and
headed towards the master bath.

Dorian's master bath was as unique as his room. The soft ocean feel of the
colors was nice. I found the towels and like mine the we're soft and fluffy and
white. All I could smell was Dorian on the towel. I could smell him on his
shirt. He was going to distract me all day. I didn't mind that actually. I kinda
liked the idea of smelling Dorian on me. Everything smelled like Dorian in his
shower, the shampoo, soap, everything. I was drowning in vanilla and cinnamon.
It stirred emotions and sensations deep inside. I don't know how long I was in
the shower but at the end I was clean and at least some of my clothes were
clean.

I walked out of the bathroom and found Dorian staring at the ceiling blinking
through the light. He glanced in my direction with a smile. He followed me as I
walked around to his side of the bed. "I thought I had dreamed that. But I see
you did borrow a shirt and take a shower. I like you in my things."

I smiled at Dorian. "Me too. You want some coffee before I go? I'm going to go
check on my dad."

Dorian smiled at me. "I'd rather you stay here with me. But if you must go.
Coffee would be nice." Dorian grinned at me before he pulled me down to kiss. By
the end of the kiss I was sitting on the bed half laying over Dorian in his
arms. I could have crawled up onto the bed and we could have taken this to a
whole new level but I pulled away breathless and Dorian let me.

I grinned at him as I stood back up. "I'll go make that coffee."

Dorian curled back under the blankets and closed his eyes, "You do that." He was
trying to make me long to come back to bed with him. I wondered what was going
through his head but I knew what was going through mine.

The kitchen was empty and clean. The coffee pot was started and I was startled
when a small woman walked out of the golden bathroom with a bucket of cleaning
supplies. She stood and staired at me. I smiled at her. "Hi. Thanks for making
the coffee."

I could feel her eyes on me when I walked towards the kitchen. She came into the
living room and watched me pour two cups of coffee. She watched me like I was an
intruder and yet she made no move to yell at me. "I'm Nox."

She nodded, "Dorian knows you are here?"

I grinned, "I hope so, I did just kiss him."

She half frowned, "Dorian never has anyone over."

I nodded, "So I've been told. Would you like a cup of coffee too? I'm sure
Dorian won't mind."

She shook her head. "Are you staying long?"

I shrugged. "At the moment I'm going to go see my father. I've my own place if
that's what you are asking. I'm not some visitor."

"Did he pay you?"

I laughed, "No. Is that common for Dorian to do?"

She blushed a bright red. "I..."

I grinned at her, "He's my friend." I walked over to her with a cup of coffee in
each hand, "I like him. A lot." I whispered to her. She smiled as I past her. I
could feel her eyes on my back as I walked into Dorian's room.

I chuckled to myself, "I met your cleaning lady."

Dorian sat up straight in bed with a deer in headlights look, he blinked at the
clock, "Damn, I slept too long."

I grinned at him, "Me too. It's only 7 though, it's still early."

I handed Dorian a cup of coffee and he took it with a wry smile. "Ana was
surprised I'm sure."

I laughed, "You could say that, she asked if you paid me."

Dorian paled. "I'm sorry."

I grinned. "Nothing to be sorry about. I've been asked worse before." I leaned
in and kissed Dorian softly, "And I don't mind answering the embarassing
questions. Besides I don't care what she thinks of me."

Dorian shook his head, "I know but I do."

I frowned, "Do you need me to tone things down?"

Dorian grabbed the collar of my shirt again and pulled me close, "No. You are
you. I will adjust if this becomes more."

I grinned and kissed Dorian, "More sounds good." I stood up with smile, "Lunch?"

"I'd rather have dinner again."

"You just want me in your bed again." I chuckled softly to myself.

Dorian didn't blush but he looked away quickly. I had nailed it on the head. I
smiled, "I can do dinner, and I'll stay any night you want me to."

Dorian took a sip of his coffee and I leaned over and kissed the top of his
head, "I'll see you later. I'm going to go see my father."

He nodded and waved me off. I walked out of the room and Ana was busy sweeping
the floor. "It was a pleasure meeting you Ana." I gave her a flourished bow and
she blushed as she bent back to her work. I did very much enjoy that effect on
woman. I grabbed my hoodie and put on my shoes then headed out the door to see
about my father, and how he was doing.

I grabbed a sandwich from the cafeteria, which wasn't exactly on the way to the
Infirmary but I needed to eat soemthing. When I got there, Adam and Tobias were
sprawled out on the floor sleeping with the kids. Iris was sitting in a chair
waiting and drifting to sleep. I sat down next to her. She looked at me and I
whispered, "No one left did they?"

She shook her head, "No, I didn't mean to shoo you away like that."

I grinned at here, "It's alright. I had a good night. Best in a while actually."

Iris smiled knowingly at me and I couldn't help but chuckle. "Everyone seems
very interested in my love life as of late."

She blushed slightly but it quickly faded, "It's just nice to see Dorian happy.
He's been so lonely."

"Gee thanks." I grinned playfully at her.

She stammered, "I... I didn't mean it like that. You should be happy too."

I waved my hand, "Don't worry about it. Dorian is more family than I have been
for longer I get it."

Iris relaxed a little, 'I'm still sorry I didn't mean."

"I know." I assured her as I saw a prim and proper Dorian and his father
standing next too him prop up in the door frame. I grinned at Dorian and he
smiled.

Emilio spoke, "We are taking the lot of you out of here. Breakfast and showers
are in order."

There was a few groans from the kids as they woke up and I don't think Adam or
Tobias were all that happy to be up and about so early either.

Emilio started hustling the kids and the grown ups out the door. Iris patted my
knee, "We'll see you later."

I nodded. I was left alone in the room and Dorian sat down next to me, "You
should go sit with Kai."

"I will. Nothing else to do."

He patted my knee and stood back up, "I'll see you at dinner. You will cook
again?"

I grinned, "Sure Dorian. I'll figure something out."

He nodded with a smile. "Tonight then." I watched as Dorian walked out the door.
I missed him already. This was not something I was used to. I got up and went
across the hall where Kai was. He was sleeping. I was thankful there were no
tubes. I remembered watching my mother die in the hospital. She wasn't Venatori,
but the venom of the were bear was just as toxic to her as it was to any other
Venatori. Bites always turned a human, but only if they survived. I watched my
mother writhe in agony while she spited my name. She would see me and I could
feel the scorn aradiate from here in waves as she yelld at me to leave.

She blamed me. And I blamed her. I didn't really care that she had died. I feel
guilty about it, but I don't miss her. I think I'd miss Kai. And I'd only really
just gotten a glimpse into the man that was my father.

I sat down in a chair and stared off into space. The hum of the machines were
the loudest sound. Every once and a while I'd hear the murmur of conversation
from the nurses station down the hall or a patient next door. But for the most
part I sat in silence. My thoughts my only company.

I don't know how long I sat there before I caught movement out of the corner of
my eye. I turned to look at Kai and he was watching me. I gave him a wry smile.
He mouthed to me, "Bout time. Water?"

I nodded, "Sorry, lots to think about." I got up and got the ice chips from the
table the nurses kept replenishing. I handed him the cup and he fed himself a
few peices.

"Thank you." His voice was dry and crackly but that's what happened when you go
through surgery and ansteisa and such.

"Everyone will be glad to see you awake." I grinned, "Well maybe except the
nurses."

Kai chuckled, "I'm surprised you are the only one here."

"Or here at all?" I winked at him, "Dorian and Emilio took them to breakfast and
to get them cleaned up. They've been here all night."

Kai nodded, "I have something for you. In my coat pocket, I see it's in the
closet over there."

I walked over and took the envelope out of his pocket and showed my father, he
nodded. I held it in my hand and saw a small blood stain on the corner, he'd had
it with him when he'd been stabbed. A good memory that must be.

"Before you read it. Tell me what happened."

I nodded, and sat back down. "Emilio called me. He started searching for your
attacker, and tI went after a kid I was mentoring. I had a hunch. But lockdown
happened and I needed help navigating the cooridors so I enlisted Emilios help.
The kid was the one who killed Mrs. Vega and hurt Nick. We used him to get
Abraham, the man behind it all and your attacker. He killed one more hunter and
Emilio shot the kid and I killed him."

Kai nodded, "Who was he?"

"The son of Karla Cox, a woman you exiled for not allowing her son to become
Tacet after he'd failed his Adept testing too many times."

Kai shook his head, "I guess that would make me mad too. Though we don't know
why he went after us or anything. So revenge is the only angle we have."

I nodded. "That's the only explanation we can say."

Kai nodded towards the envelope, "That is the start of your family. I just
wanted to tell you I'm not trying to run things. I know that won't work with
you. I just want you to know I'll be there for you."

I nodded. "Thanks. I appreciate it. I know I'll need help. You got the text from
Morgan about the appointment?"

Kai nodded, "Yes. Are you sure you want me getting involved? I can be a bit of
a..."

I interjected, "Control freak? Yeah. I'm okay with that. It's not like Dorian or
Dae'lin are any less of one either."

Kai laughed. "That is true. Give it to Dae'lin when you are done. She knows what
to do with it."

I nodded and pulled out my phone and sent Dorian a text, "Kai's awake. Tell the
others please."

When I looked up Kai was laughing, "Telling them?"

I nodded, "Texted Dorian he'll let them know and I expect they'll be here
shortly. I will leave you to them."

Kai nodded, "You don't have to go."

"I know. But I'm not quite ready for that yet."

Kai nodded, "I understand. You will be with us for the next holiday."

I stood up, "Yes sir. I'll bring you some dinner later."

Kai laughed as I left, "Anything will be better than this stuff."

I let the nurses know on my way out that Kai was awake. They all got up and
rushed to his room, they hadn't even been aware of it till I said soemthing. Or
they let us talke either way I was grateful for the little chat.

# Epilogue

_Tuesday, June 17, 2015 9:15AM_

There was something about having family that seemed to make things better. And
knowing that family was more than just blood made it better. Kai was my father,
that made all the rest of the Viddens family. But really I think it was the
Vegas that had shown me more love in the past three days than my own. And that
probably had a lot to do with me pushing people away. I was going to have a lot
to talk about with Margo come next Monday. I was going to have to start jotting
these things down so I don't forget.

But family wasn't everything on my mind as I wandered the halls of the compound
I had grown up in. There was what Abraham had said, and what I'd already felt.
Why I didn't kill the creatures I hunted unless my life depended on it. Or
others did. They always died of course, but it wasn't by my hand. I wasn't being
judge jury and executioner. I let someone else do that dirty work. I hunted. And
I was beginning to think that maybe I wasn't the best person for the job.

I'd sat down with Levi and I'd gotten through to him. Drake had taken to me with
ease as had Aidan without me ever really trying. I wanted to be around for my
kids. I was going to have kids. I'm 22 and here I am thinking that kids are in
my near future. There is no potential Ms. Sétana to share that joy with. Though
there are possiblities just not biological in means.

I found it odd considering a future with someone. But that was the train of
thought that Dorian pulled at. More. Did I really want more? To be with this man
who'd been a guiding light? Was it just my childhood dreams living through him?
I don't know and right now I didn't care.

I pondered all these things as I wandered the compound. I found myself opening
the door to the roof. The one place when I was young where the world stopped
being about everything else and became about me. I knew my fears. I knew my
strengths. And this fear wouldn't be my weakness. I still quake at the thought
of looking over the edge, but I do it anyway. My body doesn't shut down when I
ride the elevator anymore. I don't lose myself in my fears. I learned to
concquer them.

And though I've slept better in the past two nights than I have in forever, I
know I'm not better. I know I'll dream of Garret again. I know hi'll weild whips
of air and earth and fling tham at my bare skin again. The mere thought of it
send a cold chill down my spine. But I didn't have to face this alone anymore.
I'd told the right people. I could only hope that it stayed there. I didn't want
people to pity me to see the broken kid that I am inside. I'm not that person.

I sat down against the ledge of the roof and opened the envelope. Inside was a
multi page document, and a small slip of paper that bore the sloppy hand writing
of I assumed my father.

I read the letter first.

****

Nox,

I know I've made some presumptions. It is not to dictate your life. Only to make
your children's life better than your own. I know you and Dorian are only in the
beginnings of whatever relationship the two of you forsee. I do not expect you
to love Dorian. This is a union of betterment. A part of the breeding program.

You know the damange of no parents. A single parent is much the same. As me
about my childhood one day and I'll give you more insights into how we are the
same. Of all my children you remind me too much of the past I fought to never
give my children. And yet one slipped through my fingers. I cannot forgive
myself that.

A signle parent is hard. I know you cannot be both favored and hated at the same
time, one needs to be present for either side, even if you are both hated or
favored at the same time. A shared burden. I don't mean to proclude other
relationships. You and Dorian can choose to be only friends for this agreement
to remain intact but both raising the children. Being both mother and father.
Being what the child's other parent cannot be for whatever reasons.

I know you will be a better parent than yours were to you. But know I will be
the best grandfather I can be to your children, to make up for the lack of being
there for you as a child.

Your Father, Kai.

****

There were always stories, always reasons why a person is the way they are. One
day, someday soon, I hoped maybe I'd find out the reasons my father had used
favors to get whatever he wanted in on this document. I could only guess at the
measures he'd taken to insure my children didn't have a life like I did, or he
did. It was a difficult concept to understand but I knew he had my best
interests at heart I would listen with an open mind. I wasn't going to like
being forced into whatever this was, but betterment of my children and
apparently Dorian's I would do anything to insure their safety above my own.

I read the document enclosed. It had started off as I had expected. Dae'lin and
I had discussed most of it. The only difference being that my children would not
be sterlized no matter their status as Venatori minorem. They would become
Scrin. The fact that I was cesari must have waved their hands in that. They were
willing to accept my limitations to gain more cesari. I could handle that. I was
grateful for it.

But the document went on to add an additional woman to my required list of women
to breed with. I felt like they were studding me out until I read the reasons
for the inclusion. I was releiving Dorian from his duties as Venatori. I could
do the man that favor. I couldn't imagine having to assume a role I had not
enjoyed. Actually I could, and I had on many occasions, I didn't wish it on
anyone.

Dorian would not be left out of the heirs or pushing forward his line, he just
didn't have to with the woman they'd originally chosen for him. My father had
found a donor to provide an egg and a surrogate mother to provide the incubation
of an heir through IVF. It was unheard of unless a couple was infertile, this
was the first for a man who enjoyed the company of men. It was a large step
forward.

And it was the final clause that finally made my father's letter make sense.
Dorian and I were to be legally unionized. We would legally hold rights together
as a married couple. It may not be legal in the United States, but among the
Venatori with Venatori lawyers and judges and the like, it would be law. The
council deemed it so, thus it was law. It was the way the Venatori worked. And
it was the part that was the hardest to accept. Not that I didn't want to be
with Dorian, it's the thought that I was being forced into this relationship
regardless of our own feelings. The thought that the Venatori could control my
life to that degree. It was exactly what I hated about this life. Yet I couldn't
do anything to change it.

I knew I would accept. I knew that in the end I'd end up hurting Dorian over
this. I knew this. I knew my mind. I knew my heart. And what killed me in that
moment was that I didn't want to be me.

There was too much, and I needed to escape. So I did the only thing I knew how
to do. I jumped. I wove wings of air and catapulted myself over the ledge like a
pole vaulter and I fell to the ground. I could do it in my sleep, I softened the
earth, veiled my descent and I listened to the air rush past my ears, the blood
coursing through my veins as I fell. I let everything go in those 8 seconds it
took gravity to bring me rushing to the ground. It was my time. There were no
monsters to hunt, no contracts to sign. These were my 8 seconds, and no one
could take them from me.

****

The view from my glass office atop the Bank of America building was gorgious
this time of day. The sun was behind me and I had a perfect view of the New York
Skyline. I was lost in thought of the recent merger I as contimplating when the
sudden decent of a body broke the sight line. I followed the body down, until it
became nothing but a speck on the grassy ground beneath. The kids usually only
jumped at night, when they had less of a chance of getting caught. At least that
was how it had been for the past few years. Rumor had it that their leader had
returned and he was the only one capable of jumping from the height unassisted.
He was the creator of the stupid stunt, he used to do it alone or with one other
boy, until the rest of the benders found out. Now just above my office nearly
every night was a party of children who flung themselves from the rooftops,
bending and catching the currents just right so that they land unscathed.
Children in my time didn't do stupid things - even when they knew they could not
die. These mere mortals were flinging themselves from the heights and they
didn't even realize the peril their lives were in.

The Venatori were careaning on the edge of their very own destruction and the
children were leading the way. It had always been the way of their kind. Even my
dead race had done the same, guiding their lives by a stict structure until they
found yet another reason to relent. The hunters had become too powerful, they
ruled the world and yet the world did not know it was being ruled by them. It
wasn't right. There had to be checks and balances, as there was anything in
life. A dragon who stole should be allowed to keep it's standard of living they
were after all here first. But a dragon who steals too much, yes, a check, but
immediate death? The Venatori were going too far. Death was not the only answer.

I intended to right the wrong, sadly every wrong had its champions as well and
thus far those champions were picking at the carefully tuned fabric of my plan.
I needed to restore those threads before the Venatori completely destroy it. It
was only a matter of time before I found the one I was looking for, the one whom
I saw in my visions. I dreamt about it nightly. I would know the vision when it
happened. I felt it growing close. I knew it was near. The time of the Venatori
was closing and I would have the control this time.
