# Where We Are At

When I went to sleep in 2001 I didn't expect any of the things that followed to happen.  I didn't expect to wake up and find myself engulfed in a war that I could have prevented if I'd done my job.  Did I blame myself?  Yes, but I didn't know this would happen.  How could I have?  I did what I felt was right at the time.  It was right at the time.  I was saving Mia, and Ryan and more importantly I was saving Antonio Giovanni's life.  He was much more important than myself.  I loved him.  I know that now.  I loved Mia and Ryan.  And it pains me to think I will never again see Mia's smiling face.  Ryan is hiding his pain, but I know it's there.  I see glimpses of it every time he looks at me.  He blames me for her death.  And I blame myself.  If I'd not removed the Chevalier bond, she'd still be alive.  Hind sight is always 20/20 and there is nothing I can do about it.

I didn't expect many things.  I did not expect to have to kill Johnny Rose or Breeana.  But I did.  I killed my family that had been tortured for twelve years while I'd slept.  I saved them from their miserable existence.  I hurt to do so, but I did it.  

I didn't expect to be betrayed by a lover.  A man I had thought I loved.  A man Tony and I both thought we loved.  But he played us.  He made us love him and I killed him.  Beginning to see a theme here?  I am an assassin by career choice.  I am the hand of death.  Some call me The Hound of Death, others call me just Death.  But it happens that I am no longer dead.  

The irony of it all is I never wished to be anything but what I was.  I was free of the beast inside me.  The fates, the gods, earth, the goddess, whatever you believe in believed I was better off without the vile evil sitting in my head, drawing me towards to the natural evils we have inside us.  I still want to kill.  I still want to bathe in the blood of my victims.  But I am in control.  I no longer have the desire, the need to do so.  

I seem to be the key to many things.  When we stumbled upon a primeval clan of vampires we were taken in.  We became Clan.  And that's where things go really awry.  Through the marriage and joining ceremony of this clan I began more than what I was.  I was reborn, literally.  I breathe, I have a pulse.  I can taste food for the first time in nearly 900 years.  

I wasn't the only one to change my entire blood line has been altered.  We can all walk in the sunlight.  I am still sensitive to the light but it does not burn.  I saw my first sunset and sun rise with my son.  I was able to watch the wonderment in his eyes as he saw them for the first time.  It was a truly amazing blessing.  It has brought me and Ant closer together, not that we were ever far apart but we share new experiences together.  

Morgan and Carissa are growing in their powers by the day.   The Clan tries to teach them, but they seem to surpass their teacher's methods before they even begin.  Their powers are clearly split down the middle.  Carissa is very strong in Auspex.  She has favored, Necromancy, Animal Ken, Domination, and  Fearmonger.  We are not sure exactly why she holds a partial empathic ability, but she clearly has a talent for fear.  Alec has been working with her now that he is with us for the moment.  

Morgan favors Empathy, Shadow, Elemental and Dreamwalking.  I have taken to sleeping with Morgan.  She keeps my nightmares at bay.  They seem to be keeping me company more so than ever.  Everything I've ever done in my past that haunts my thoughts comes to life in my dreams.  I see the many deaths of humans at my hands.  I feel their blood dripping from my chin.  On more nights than I care to count I've woken up with blood dripping from my chin.  But with Morgan at my side, she wards away my dreams, she keeps them away.  When I started having the dreams I worried about Virgil invading my dreams again, but my shields are tight and there are no chinks in them.  Morgan keeps my sleep thoughts happy.  I dream of puppies and sunshine with rainbows.  They are child's wishes and dreams but they are far better than waking up covered in my own blood.

Leyla and Lee are learning from the First Therians.  At first the few Therians I do know thought it was odd I trusted the mangled creatures of the night.  But they can teach them more than I ever could.  And they will learn about their history first hand.  It is a great honor to have some of the First among us.  They may be a blight on mankind, but to us they are our creators.  Without them none of us would be here.

Our greatest task lay ahead of us.  We are gathering allies from all over the world.  Dimitri is traveling the New World gathering Therian allies.  Francesco and Aurora are in the Old World raising an army to save the rest of the world.  Their champion is one of my human blood line.  A child I had given up at birth now holds the Old World in the palm of his hand with my backing.  He doesn't know it yet, but he will soon and together maybe we can free the oppression Brandon Holt has reigned down upon the world.

I have killed one of the five council members who sought my death before I slept.  Sal should have known better than to use his magic on me, but when he realized it, it was too late.  I cut him down like the dog that he was.  I have no love left for those that would enslave human kind.  I should not have been surprised by Sal's reversal of roles.  He had been friends with Brandon long before he became vampire.  Brandon was his sire.  But Aurora denied her sire and she is on my side, sometimes blood is not quite as thick as you'd think it was.  Sometimes the bonds you make outside of your blood are far stronger.

I intend to take down the rest of the council and kill Brandon Holt with his own silver bullets.  I want to see him burn before the people of the world.  I want to hear the cheers of joyous freedom and I want to hear the cries of defeat as I burn him alive.  We have taken down his generals, nothing but the council stand in our way.  The war is almost over.  We either succeed now, or we all die.  There is no other option.  It will be over, and then the world can right itself.  But it will never be the same.  The supernatural are no longer myths and legends.  They are real, and right there in front of the human's eyes.  It will be a very different world, but hopefully much better than the one we live in right now.

