Friday, May 24, 2012

Tomorrow is my Ad Aetatem, a stupid right of passage that says I'm fit to be Venatori.  I am a half human living in a community full of super strong, super fast supernatural beings. As if the odds weren't already stacked against me.  I now have to prove to them that I'm worthy of being like them.  The only saving grace is that everyone has to do it.  It's like human graduation ceremony except bloodier and far more terrifying.  At least for me.

But first, Dae'lin and Dorian arranged for me to have dinner with my mother and my father.  Who, by the way, I just found out about.  He's been living in the same compound my entire life and they just now tell me, "Oh hey, by the way, your father is Kai Viddens."  Of course, it had to be him.  The man was far more anal about things than even Dorian was, and that was saying a lot.  I am so not looking forward to sitting down at some fancy restaurant to eat with a pair of complete strangers.

The last time I saw Leanna Sétana she was prying me from her leg as I sobbed into her jeans not wanting to leave.  I was five.  Who the hell spits on a child they loved, but that was what she did.  All because I was Magnus.  Who knew catching a curtain on fire with some unknown gift would make one's mother hate you.  Ms. Silverman, Margo, my therapist, says that she didn't hate me, she feared me.  Whatever.

My mother never came to any visitations over the years.  She never came to see any competitions. She sure as hell didn't want to be part of my Ad Aetatem, but the rules were the rules and the Venatori life had so many damn rules.  So tonight I get to sit with her and listen to whatever drivel spews from her mouth.  I pray she doesn't start spouting praise from the depths of her dark little heart.  A mother who hates her child. 

Funny thing about my supposed father, he's sort of an idol of all future venatori.  All hunters look up to him.  His ability to predict the best course of action before you make the first move seems to put him on top of the entire game.  Kai Viddens is like a god to the kids vying to be hunters.  I looked up to him.  Not sure what changed between the ticks of a clock, but the man just rubs me the wrong way.  I'm sure it has a lot to do with the fact that he didn't care to know me.  I've been sitting her for 13 years and this is the first time he's going to see me.  What did I do that was so horrible?  I hate my own insecurities.  The idea that I need someone is asinine.  I can take care of myself, I have for years.  I don't need a family.

The alarm on my phone goes off, I'm having a hard time getting moving as this is the third time I've swiped it into snooze mode.  I don't want to walk down the two flights of stairs to the common area to meet my mother.  Dorian insisted that I walk with her to the restaurant, something about not letting a lady walk the streets of New York alone.  Like women don't do that every day.  And she's venatori, she could wipe the floor with any would-be mugger, human or not - training was training.

Earlier both Dae'lin and Dorian handed me cash.  Told me to be the good son and pay for the meal.  I'm pretty sure my mother would expect that anyway - expecting the Venatori to pay her way.  I don't have high expectations from my mother.  I'm not looking forward to this reunion at all.

With a sigh, I grab my leather jacket and I head out the door of the small room I share with my roommates.  Thank god they are all off in the cafeteria for their own dinner.  Though having Jace around wouldn't have been horrible.  At least I didn't have to sit through his critique of my attire.  I can hear him now, "All black, you going to a funeral."  I know I'd reply, "Yeah, my own."  Which I'm sure would get a laugh out of him.  

This was going to be hell.  I could take the elevator, but I'd rather not be sweating bullets before I have to be around other people.  No matter how many times I jump from the building. No matter how many times I ride that damned plate glass elevator I still feel my skin crawl with fear.  I'll never get over it, Margo says I'll overcome it when I get over everything else.  Ain't happened yet, so I suppose I have a whole lot more to work on.  I'm okay with that, I think.

The stairwell is empty, it's always empty when everyone is busy in one place or another.  Two flights down, my mother awaits, probably been waiting for a good ten minutes.  Dae'lin told her I'd be down at precisely 7:30 PM.  Nope.  I'm not, it's 7:35 and I'm just now walking down the stairs, taking my sweet little time.  I'm not in a rush.  I have no desire to go and if I'm late maybe she'll leave without me.

I get downstairs to Dae'lin's office and she's pacing back and forth.  I can see her little brown head bob back and forth through the top half of her door.  I sigh and knock on her door.  She whisks open the door and flies into hysterics the moment she's got the door open.  "Where have you been?  I thought you'd left without your mother."  Dae'lin starts pacing once again.  The patterns oscillate around her and the room starts to get warm, she's agitated and her magic is fluctuating with it.  She has such rudimentary control over her ability it surprises me time and time again how she even got past her Adept training.  But then everyone I know has such poor control over their gift, it's like they want to sever their hand from their arm and put a hook in its place.  

"You mean she's not here yet?"  I don't care either way.  The world would go on if she left me here to my fate.  I could join Jace in the cafeteria for one last hurrah.  I'm sure he's having a blast mocking the younger kids while everyone laughs with him.  The good ole' southern boy who's friends with the outcast.  They think it's out of pity, but Jace is a true friend despite the rumors that run around us.

Ten minutes after I've arrived an older woman steps out of the elevator wearing a near see through dress in pink chiffon.  Her makeup is poor and she looks like she's trying to be 20 again.  It has to be my mother.  As she got closer I  see the tale-tell signs of my breeding.  The long strong nose and the fingers to match, like my own.  She was smiling up until the point that she saw me.  I smirk in response to her smile turning upside down.  She must hate me for that reaction.  I refrain from rolling my eyes, Dae'lin would have my head in a hand basket if she caught me disrespecting my elders.

My mother stood in front of me, all her 5 foot 6 inches, and completely ignored me.  Dae'lin wrapped my mother in a hug, "It's so very nice to meet you Ms. Sétana."

"Please, Leanna.  You have been such a wonderful host.  Thank you for setting up this meeting for my son.  I look forward to getting to know him."  Lies!  All lies!  I could hear it in her voice.  I could feel it in the way she looked at me from the corner of her eye.  This was a woman who wanted nothing at all to do with her son.

"We'll be late Dae'lin.  And late is never good."  I said with a grin plastered on my face to cover my disgust at the falsehoods I was hearing.

Dae'lin nodded and glared at me as she held up one finger to reprimand me.  She said nothing but I knew what she meant.  "Behave.  Be good!  And don't make me look like a fool."

I grinned at her with all my teeth showing and leaned down and kissed the woman on the cheek.   "But, of course, mad'am."  I bent over and waved my hand in a flourishing bow in mockery of my words.  

Dae'lin punched me in the shoulder.  "Behave!"  I couldn't help but give a true smile in response.  I had no intentions of misbehaving this close to getting out of this place.  And as long as I kept still and kept my damn mouth shut this should be a piece of cake.  Except that both of those things will be hard to do.  Sitting still was impossible. Particularly, while  a tattoo artist etched a pair of crossed swords in black on my right temple with a fucking needle for all eternity.  Just the thought of it makes my body quake with fear.    

Dae'lin patted my back and gave me a little shove, I'm sure she saw the fear in my eyes and was trying to comfort me without words.  I smiled, though I'm sure it didn't reach my eyes, none of this was anything that made me happy in the slightest.  I put my arm around my mother's shoulder.   In my most upbeat voice hiding all the fear and other emotions running through my mind and body, "Let's go.  We don't want to keep him waiting."

Once inside the elevator and away from Dae'lin's prying gaze my mother threw my arm from her shoulder.  I was lucky she didn't smack my hand against the plate glass window and crack it.  I was doing my best to fight the fear and the bile that rose in the pit of my stomach as I watched the floor of the lobby below grow closer and closer.  Down was easier than up, but still it was a daunting feat even now.  

I kept my eyes locked on the statue that stood in the middle of the lobby.  I'd created that.  I was proud of that fact.  There was even a little brass plate with engravings on it that said 'Created by Nox Sétana April 15, 2003'.  It was a day that changed my life forever.

It was the day I said to the world look at me, I'm Cesari - a rare child that could bend the four elements at the same time.  Dae'lin and many others could bend all four elements, but they couldn't bend water and fire at the same time.  I'd proven that day at the age of 10 that I could bend not two or three at a time, but all four at one time.  A feat few had mastered and here I was flaunting my ability at the age of 10. I didn't know what it meant as I formed the statue in the lobby.  Constructing it from nothing except a few seeds I'd stolen from the greenhouse on the roof.

It was my pride and joy.  And to think that Dae'lin made me make an art project that year instead of the classic weapon I usually envisioned.  I was venatori, it was in my blood and everyone knew it.  But that year I became one of the most powerful students in the academy and everyone's dislike of me grew.  The improbability of my entire existence was a bane on my life.  I was not only Cesari.  I was minorem - half human.  And to make that even worse I was the rarest of the rare.  My human mother survived my birth whereas most women and babies die long before labor.  Those that survive that, the mother's die during the birthing process.  I was improbable and I hated it.

A normal child with a normal parent who they'd not seen in years might have started blathering on about their pride and joy, but not me.  I stood there listening to the enlightening music of Elton John as he sang about Princess Diana.  It was such a sad song and it fit my mood rather well.  

"That's a beautiful statue."  My mother commented and I couldn't help but smile at the compliment.  I should have said something, but saying something could make her reject the object that had great meaning to me.  Maybe it was rebellion, letting my mother like something that was mine.  Maybe it was something else, but I only nodded with a lump in my throat as pride welled up inside me.  

We walked in utter silence to the restaurant.  She'd said fancy, and it was not fancy.  It was some fish mart a few blocks away from the docks.  I'd eaten there before.  The place did not call for the black dress pants and shirt I'd chosen to wear on my long frame.  Things that needed tailoring to my body because I was too thin for my height.  The blood red tie made me look the fool in such a place, I pulled the tight knot down the length and unbutton the top two buttons.  I felt much more comfortable than I had moments before.

My mother turned to me and reached up and started to adjust my tie like I was some child.  I pulled away from her with disgust written all over my face.  But before I could say anything she turned with a fake smile.  Her attention drawn to a man approaching us.  


I knew the man, of course I did, he was an idol of sorts.  His tall frame was much better built than mine.  His clothes looked like they fit off the rack and I couldn't help but fight with the jealousy that lingered inside.  Kai Viddens wore a pair of jeans and a t-shirt underneath a blazer.  He'd dressed for the place.  Seething with envy I offered him my hand with a grin to cover my emotions.  

My father didn't take my hand.  Anger fought it's way to the surface and I had to stamp it down with a smile on my face.  Dae'lin would be angry. I would disappoint Dorian.  I could find myself stuck in this hole for another year waiting for another chance.  No, I have to behave, I have to be the good little son.  Be the soldier the Venatori wanted.  I could endure this torture.

We took our seats.  A cute little blonde came to our table.  I grinned at her, forgetting all about everything and everyone I was in a bad mood over.  Sarah, I think her name was.  I'd seen her before, at a rave or two, maybe it was at Gregory's place. She was polite and smiled at me as she spoke "My name is Sarah.  I'll be your waitress this evening.  Can I get you anything to drink?"

Grining up at her I licked my bottom lip without really thinking about it, I definitely remembered her, "Hi Sarah.  I'll have a water."  She scribbled on her pad and looked to the others.  Why she had to write down water was such a curiosity, forgetful much?  

My father ordered a glass of the finest wine and my mother echoed him in response, there goes every drop of my money.  Finest red in a shithole like this?  I had to stop from rolling my eyes.  I had to be on my best behavior, it was like there were eyes watching me from all over.  But I knew better than that.  Dae'lin trusted me now, trusted I wouldn't let her down.  And I'd live up to that expectation at least one more time before I graduated.

The menu was annoying.  Everything in the price column said "at market value", everything was about to cost an arm and a leg.  Why couldn't they have gone to Little Italy and gotten something at the same price but a far better value?  This whole evening was going to hell and back and there was nothing I could do about it.

My mother started jabbering at Kai - remember this?  remember that? Oh, those were the good ole' days.  Please, this was about me, but my father was ignoring her as well. But she kept on running her trap like she mattered.  Like either one of her table companions gave a flying fuck what she had to say.

As it turned out I didn't have to even look at the menu because as Sarah came back to the table with our drinks Kai ordered for all of us.  Fried fucking food.  My stomach would pay for the grease later if I ate any of it.  Why?  I wanted to drown my sorrows in that glass of wine, but Dae'lin would skin me alive if she ever caught me drinking.  I'm rather surprised I made it to 18 with Dae'lin threatening my life all the time.  The thought made me smile.

Out of the corner of my eye, I caught a familiar face.  The bus boy was a friend, well a little more than a friend.  But nothing serious.  He turned and saw me and I smiled at him with a wink, his smile was worth every bit of discomfort that my mother squirmed with as she watched us out of the corner of her eye.  Michael skirted our table brushing his leg against my arm.  I didn't dare respond, but Michael continued to flirt and make my mother squirm every time.  It was part of the joy of flaunting your sexuality be it with a boy or a girl in front of someone it made uncomfortable.  Michael knew I enjoyed tormenting them.  It didn't seem to bother my father which was sad in its own way.

My mother soon forgot about my flirting and started her own back up with my father.  She pokes flowery words at Kai.  How she'd missed him.  How they could have been happy.  How this and how that.  It was making me nauseous just listening to it.  I pretended to listen, to care, just as Dae'lin would want.  My mother never even glanced in my direction.  Sarah walked past and I'd smile.  Michael was working this section with excess and we tossed winks  and small smiles back and forth.  At least it kept me from stabbing my fork in my ears from listening to my mother drone on and on.

Michael had been so busy flirting that he tipped over his tray.  It was an instantaneous reaction.  A reflex when I wove a pattern of air and was on my feet before the platter tipped from his grasp.  I put my hand on the tray and the other at the small of Michael's back to steady him.  He thanked me with a huge smile and I nodded in return.  I looked up and saw Kai was looking at us with a nod, "Nice catch."

I couldn't help the natural reaction to beam with pride. It was on me before I could fight it as I grinned at my father with a wave of my hand. "It was nothing really.  I'm surprised you didn't get there faster than I did."  Super speed came in handy, but most Venatori when around humans didn't flaunt their abilities.  I don't have that problem. If someone sees my ability they tend to dismiss it as something else.  It sucked being quick in thought, but your body didn't react as quick as it should.  That was what Minorem meant - lesser!  I was not lesser.

My mother looked up from her story with a wave of the hand and continued on her tirade about some bear ravaging her home.  When their food arrived I couldn't help the frown that I know turned my normal grin upside down.  I like seafood.  I hate fried food.  Not only is it fattening but because it wasn't a staple in my diet it tends to make matters worse in the bathroom.  I was going to pay for this horrible meal.  I am grateful there was a generous portion of roasted vegetables and they were passible.  The fish wasn't too breaded and I managed to eat some of that and peeled a few of the breaded shrimp that dotted my plate.  But to say dinner was a bust was an understatement.

My father inquired, "Don't like seafood?"

Looking up from my plate I shook my head with a grin.  "It's not that.  Fried food and I don't get along." 

"I will remember that in the future."  He said.  Like they'd have a future dinner meeting at a shit hole fish place in the middle of a bad part of town.  Kai added, "I find it hard to believe you don't just eat anything, most boys your age do."

Finally conversation, something to beat the mindless rambling of my mother, "Oh I eat plenty.  I just don't tend to fry it so," I struggled for a word, "heavily."

Kai sighed, "Don't tell me you are one of those vegans or such."

A sharp laughed escaped my mouth before I could stop it.  "Hardly.  I like meat just like you normal folk.  I eat a lot of it as a matter a fact.  Grilled, baked, roasted."  Now he sounded like a fats little hobbit and he grinned at his thoughts,  "I'm starting to sound like Sam Wise."  My father didn't catch the reference, how unschooled the man was.  Of course he'd seen the movie? "Lord of the Rings.  Sam Wise rattling on about how you cook a potato." When Kai still didn't understand I waved my hand to dismiss the topic, "It's not important."

"So not only are you a health nut, you are a geek too?" 

I had almost expected that from an old geezer like my father, but he wasn't that old, not really.  "If that's what you want to call it, I suppose.  I'm not all..." In an effort to mock the more zealous geeks out there I threw my hands up to my face and with my best valley girl voice I spoke. "Oh my god you said the wrong reference."  I laughed at myself and the reference, "I don't have that kinda time.  Dae'lin ensures my time is better spent."

Kai nodded and his hair didn't move from its stuccoed position.  Hairspray was such an 80's thing.  "I'm sure.  Drills and studying."

I nodded with a grin.  There was so much more that Dae'lin required then just drills and studying.  Perfection!  There was nothing else in the eyes of that small brunette than ran my life from sun up to sun down.  Kai continued with his conversation, I was grateful that the drone of my mother had finally ceased.  "Your friend, Mr. Hill wasn't it? You and him get in trouble a lot."

Jace and him, I wonder what he'd heard and what Dorian recorded.  Knowing the meticulous dark haired Scrin, it was everything.  I couldn't help but laugh, they'd gotten into so much trouble before they learned how not to get caught.  "No more trouble than others I suppose."

"That's not what I've seen.  Nearly every break of curfew has been with that boy and you'd been drinking and escorting your friend upstairs."

Of course everyone only remembered those times Jace was falling down drunk.  They were the only times they got caught.  Jace would drink too much, way too much and I had to carry the bastard back home.  And Jace was far from quiet on a good day.  A drunk Jace, oh my god, can you scream at the top of your lungs when you fall into a table or doorway and let the whole world know we are here.  Too many times he could have snuck back in, no one would be the wiser. But he couldn't let Jace try to make it home, he was his friend, no Jace was family.  His only real family!

There was no point in hiding anything from this man. Whatever he didn't know all he had to do ask Dorian and I knew there were records of everything in Dorian's office. "That was only the times we actually got caught.  Jason's a bit of a lush, but he did tend to always involve me in his raucous returns."  But he didn't need to know everything.

"So, in other words, you snuck out more times than you got caught."

I couldn't help the smile that beamed at my father.  The things we'd done, the times we didn't get caught were by far worse than those times Jace was drunk.  When Jace was in his full capacity the times were beyond compare - the girls, the guys.  Yum!  I could almost taste the memories. "Let's just say they never actually caught me when Jason wasn't falling down drunk."  I was going to miss Jace.

Michael's shift was over, or so I gathered as he walked up behind me draping an arm over my shoulder.  He whispered in my ear, "Gregory is having a party tonight.  One last hurrah?"  A grin slide on my face and I knew exactly what Michael wanted.  I'd have to be careful tonight, I had to be home on time.  Things started early tomorrow.  But Michael was too tempting as he brushed his lips against my ear.  I nodded my agreement and clasped his hand.  He took it in parting, trailing his fingers down the palm of my hand which sent shivers up my spine.

My mother looked at me with disgust.  She leaned over the table her breasts falling into her plate and I held back the smirk that wanted to escape. "How dare you flaunt this crap in front of us!"

I wanted to laugh, but I didn't I hid it behind a calm, cool stare, at least she hadn't called me a fag or worse.  Not that she be as mean as the kids in the academy.  I'd heard it all by now.  There was no more damage she could do to my already damaged self esteem.

Sarah interrupted with her beautiful smile and precious voice.  "Will there be anything else?"  At least some women weren't bigots, she knew who I was far more than my own mother ever would.

I shook my head and grinned up at her. "No, Sarah, there won't, can I have the check, please?"  She smiled and nodded her head and left without another word.  It was time to pay the piper.  My wallet was full of my own cash and the money that Dae'lin and Dorian had offered me to pay for this lavish meal.  I dropped a ten on the table and waited for the check.

Sarah had put up with my family she deserved more than what I had given for a tip, I handed her an additional 5 for her work.  She tucked it into her bra with a smile.  I wanted to tell her I'd fish it from there later, but Michael was waiting outside.  And I didn't know what time she got off.

The surprise of the bill didn't show on my face as I schooled my expression.  It wasn't as much as I'd expected it to be.  I wouldn't need Dae'lin or Dorian's money after all.  As I pulled out the cash Kai exclaimed, "Where did you get all that cash?"

I dropped the money on the table and looked up at my father with a grin.  "I worked for most of it.  But both Dorian and Dae'lin contributed to the cause."

He sounded surprised when he asked "Both of them?"

I was in a much better mood and my manners betrayed my normal sarcasm, "Yes sir.  But I won't need to use their money, I'll return it all.  I expected my mother to choose something a little more outside my budget when she said 'fancy' restaurant."  I suppose there was no point in being rude now.  They hadn't bonded like Dorian and Dae'lin had wanted, but they'd not killed each other either.  So all in all it was a good day.

I let my good manners and Dae'lin's training take control.  I pulled my mother's chair from her as she stood, she didn't even look in my direction.  What a bitch!  I opened the door for her and she stood out and caught sight of some man she knew and started chatting him up.  I am done with her, dinner was over, she could walk her ass back to the compound in the dark.  I was going to a party.  I stopped by the curb and my father came up next to me. "What did you do to earn the money?"

It was such a stupid question, what did he think I did for the money, hook for it.  That'd be funny, a scrawny kid on the street with his leg sticking out all fine and ready for the taking.  Yeah, perfect picture.  I laughed more at my own thoughts than his question, but it was still worthy of a laugh, too, "Dae'lin put me to work."

And the questions kept on coming, "Doing what?"  He sounded like he wanted to know.

And there was the problem.  Most people didn't want to know some kid had solved their case.  I am not sure that my father would appreciate Dae'lin giving me his workload to sift through. A sigh escaped my lips before I could hide it behind a grin. "Solving cases. Started out as old, then she started throwing in new fresh cases that hunters were having a hard time connecting pieces on."

"And you didn't want to tell me that why?"

I had to tell him, I didn't want to, but he asked so I had to tell him.  It was in my training, in my blood. "Two cases ago I worked on one of yours, I didn't give you the information before you figured it out yourself.  That morning you made the kill, I had the answer that afternoon."

"And that's a reason to sigh?"  My father was a curious one, maybe he hadn't heard it killed the cat.

I was going to have to stop with my inner commentary if I was to make it through the night.  Just answer the damn questions so you can go, I told myself.  "No and yes.  Most people don't know what I'm doing for Dae'lin before I've graduated.  When they find out a kid helped them they get bent out of shape.  When they find out a minorem helped them they usually have words with Dae'lin.  I'd prefer Dae'lin not get yelled at again on my behalf."

And as if there was nothing left to learn or gain from our encounter my father left me with an "I guess I'll see you tomorrow then."  I didn't want to have to do this all over again.  But Michael pulled up in his late-model Honda and I climbed in next to him.  Leaning over and planting a kiss on my friends lips that said exactly what I wanted to be doing right now.  Michael groaned softly and adjusted things before he pulled out into the street. We headed down the busy streets of New York City to hit a party that was bound to be a great last memory of this place.

When we pulled up to brown stone where Gregory lived there was no thumping music and there was no one around.  I looked at Michael with disappointment.  He smiled brightly at me, "Trust me."

Honestly it didn't matter if there was a party or not, I enjoyed the company I was in and I had survived my parents.  Now for a little fun.  Michael walked around the car and wrapped an arm around my waist and pulled me up the stairs to knock on the plain brown door that greeted us.  Gregory  answered the door, his eyes were red and puffy and he had a blooming purple bruise over his eye.  "What the fuck happened to you?"  I asked him.

Gregory waved us inside and closed the door, "Stephana's parting gift.  Apparently I cheated on her.  Pretty sure it was the other way around, but she made it feel like it was my fault.  Women are a pain in the ass."

Michael nodded with a knowing look.  I sat down on the ragged brown leather couch, it had seen better days and that was when I noticed the small red head in the corner leaning over the table.  I rolled my eyes, Holly.  Great, that meant there was a party, just not a party I was going to get involved in.  Holly was their current resident drug dealer.  She had the low down on coke and pot and could score just about anything else you wanted with a phonecall.  Michael immediately cozied up to her, his front pressed tightly against her backside as he pulled her into an embrace nuzzling her neck from behind.  So much for that, I thought to myself.  Michael was usually more intersted in drugs than sex, and drugs had never been something I was interested in.  Call me a prude if you must but I had no need for anythng more than a few beers to have a good time.  And I didn't even need the beer.

Gregory sat down next to me, "You look disappointed."

That was an understatement.  I merely nodded my assent he drapped an arm over my shoulders, this was new.  Gregory, while he hung with us was highly straight.  I cocked my head at him and grinned, he smiled back and leaned into me.  I could feel the extra body heat raising my body temperature and making my body react in ways it had not previously done with our gracious host.  He put his lips next to my ear whispered, "Stefana left with a girl."

I gave him a small quiet laugh, "Is that what this is, revenge?"  I turned my body to face him, his lips only a hair's breath from mine.  He swallowed the lump that had formed in his throat and I grinned at him through the firm hold my teeth had on my bottom lip.  "Michael told me this was a party."

Gregory leaned back and watched me watching him.  "For him.  He knew Holly was here.  We could go elsewhere?"

I had come for one reason, Michael didn't have to be the solution to my current desires, if Gregory was willing.  I stood up and offered Gregory my hand.  He looked at me from the bottom to the top, I could feel his eyes scanning every inch of my body.  He met my eyes and smiled as he took my hand.  I lead him to the stairs up and Gregory then took the lead, two stairs at a time he climbed, he was either eager or trying to wear himself out before he got to his room at the top of the next floor.  

I'd been in Gregory's room before.  It was, however, the first time I had been in his room with him - alone.  He closed the door behind us and turned the latch to lock it.  He wanted privacy.  He walked around me and stopped in front of me with a heat in his eyes I'd not seen from him before.  He approached slowly, almost like he was trying to stop himself.  I didn't want him to stop.  He pressed his body against mine and I took the instructed step back until my back was pressed up against the door.  Gregory put his forearm agaisnt the top of my chest and pinned me to the door.  My breath caught and my body relaxed in reflex.  I knew my eyes were wide with surprise.  How had he known?  Did Michael tell him?  There was no time for questions as he pressed his lips against mine with a ravenous passion.  It wasn't the who I wanted, but Gregory was more than capable of giving me what I desired in that moment.  I was putty in his hands and I could only hope he wouldn't hurt me, I would be powerless to stop him.

****

Naked and awake with Gregory's arm draped over my chest is not such a horrible thing to try to sleep to but I really need to be home, and soon.  My phone lie on the ground feet away from the bed but I'm hesitant to move Greogry and wake him up.  He confided that this had been his first time with another man, but he hadn't shown any apprehension over having sex with me.  He seemed to enjoy it as much as I had.  And I know while he didn't necessarily participate with other men one on one, he has shared the bed with another.  Michael, Jace and I all have had him in our bed over the past years with a girl between us.

Gregory rolls over leaving my chest cold from loss of body heat.  I squirm carefully from underneath the blankets and check the time on my phone.  Still early enough to get home with a few minutes to spare.  I dress quickly and send Gregory a text.  His phone lighst up and makes no sound.  Vibrate, good!  

I slip out of his room unlocking the door and closing it softly behind me as I slide down the stairs as quietly as possible.  Michael and Holly are passed out naked on the couch, a few lines sitting still neatly placed on the coffee table in front of them.  I shake my head as I walk out the front door of the brown stone and head for nearest train station.  I have time, not much but I have time.

The train was crowded for a Thursday night and it was still early.  The smells of the subway were always standoffish.  I hated the smell, the old urine saturated into the stone and the metal of the train itself.  The smell of old musty damp places.  Heightened smell had it's draw backs and it always made me wonder if every Venatori had that problem - but I never bothered to ask anyone just went on with my own personal suffering.  What did it matter if they were like me, or I like them.  I resented my differences, but then again I loved them too.  I flaunted my abilites whenever I had a chance.  Bending the elements just because I can, or winning a fight that I couldn't normally.  It was all part of me and my reputation.  I was an asshole, I knew it.  Most people didn't like me, and that really was the way I liked it.

The train lurched to a stop at my final destination and I left the train wishing it were the last time I had to get on the silly thing to come home, but I was sure I'd be on it again later.  I had to catch a plane after all.  The last time I'd ridden a plane I was five.  I'd been pryed from my mother's loving grasp and sat in a seat in first class while the woman with me tried to comfort the sobs that wracked my body.  I remember clearly clutching at the little stuffed dragon that I'd brought with me.  It was the only personal possession my mother had allowed me to take from the cabin in the woods.   Short of the things she had already packed.  Mushu was my only friend growing up in that house.  My mother worked too much, and I hadn't started any real schooling.  My nanny taught me what she could of the Venatori and the hunters that were their main calling card.  But I knew no one other than those two women for the first few years of my life.

The plane started and my heart lurched, I could feel the panic inside as we rose higher and higher into the air.  I had just calmed down when the plain started it's assent into the air, the poor stewardess in charge of my care was frantic with worry as my sobs began again, more intense and frightened than before.  I clutched at the chair and tried to escape.  But I was strapped in and it only made me scream louder.  After the plane leveled out they gave me something to calm me down.  I don't remember much after that, not until we landed and I sat in the terminal waiting...

The memories wracked my body, I could feel the panic and the fear rising inside and I had to stop and find a place to calm myself.  For all the relaxing sex had provided my body was tense again ruining whatever after effects had remained from Gregory's attention.  I leaned against the disgusting wall of the subway to catch my breath.  Thankfully the platform hadn't been busy and my panic attack hadn't caused any undo scene.  I received a few glances but no one tried to intervene in my recovery process.   I took deep breaths, breathe in... breathe out, I couched myself the way Margo used to coach me through the aftermath of my memories.  

It had been 13 years and still those memories rang my bell everytime.  I wasn't looking forward to flying again.  But unlike my five year old self, I had more control over myself and my fears.  I have Margo and Dorian to thank for that, but they still were there, never really gone, just managed.  With my breathing at its normal pace I started up the stairs to the street.  I'd didn't have far to walk before I was back in the compound and I was safe from any dings on my last day as a student.  

My room was too many flights up to walk today.  I took the elevator, what was one more panic attack before bed.  I clutched the railing as I stared at the doors as I rose in the plate glass elevator.  The motion of it going up made me want to vomit - the grease from dinner finally making itself known.  Memories of the dinner filtered through the fear and the panic and I focused on those instead, at least they weren't making my body shake with tension.  I relaxed into their disappointment in me.  When the elevator opened to my floor I walked out and found a party going on in the boy's dormitory.  They were having one last shindig to send us off on our way.  And look what I had missed.  I didn't bother with the others as I headed off to my own room.  I was tired, my body was sore from Gregory's attention but mostly from the fear and panic that had wracked my body.

The room I shared with Jace, Aaron and Ross was empty.  They must be in the common room, or out and about with their families.  I'd forgotten that the Southern Hill family was here to see Jace off into his adult life.  I'd met them a few times, his family was huge.  He had three older brothers, a little sister and two little brothers.  His parents were practially jack rabbits, spewing out children left and right.  Jace was the only Magnus among them, and he was much an enigma as I was.  Jace could bend both earth and air, but his level 3 - the ability to create more of the same element could only happen through touch.  Most other Magnus could bend without touch, as it was the second level.  Jace couldn't manipulate without touch, he kept a bag full of sand in his pocket so he'd always have earth to manipulate.  

I remembered the only time Aaron had picked on Jace about the bag in his pocket, he'd stolen the bag and was taughting him with it.  Jace beat the shit out of Aaron that day, he got three weeks of 'detention' for it.  Detention for us wasn't like what the human schools did, it was more like prison's solitary confinement.  Jace wasn't allowed to see anyone except a therapist until those three were up, and he'd supposedly come to terms with his actions against another Venatori.  And yet when Aaron bullied me he got nothing more than a slap on the hand.  But then again he didn't beat me to a pulp where I was lucky to survive.  Jace had a temper and he was trained to be venatori.  He didn't want to hunt monsters, but his parents were both venatori.  He would be venatori unless he chose differently at his Ad Aetatem tomorrow.  I suspect Jace will be staying here to teach.  He's good with the younger once.  He has some interesting theories.

Today was a thing of memories it seemed.  It was my last day as a student, the last day before the rest of my life began.  I had already received my first assignment, handed to me directly from the leader himself - Mark Green.  He didn't say it in so many words, but I was Cesari, I was stonger than he and if i weren't some obnoxious kid I could with in my rights become the leader of the Veantori.  But I was minorem too, I was lesser in every sense of the word and they treated me like such.  Except that they want my genes, and I think he wants me gone to stem the issues that were about to arise.  Out of sight, out of mind.  I'd heard rumors already that the moment I passed my Ad Aetatem that certain women were to attract my attention.  But those were just rumors likely started by those that wanted to spread the gory details of my sex life.  If they only knew the half of it.

I shook myself and grab my things for the shower.  I didn't want to fight the rush in the morning.  

The shower was refreshing, I got the stench of the subway from my body.  The hot water making my pale skin glow a soft pink.  I pulled the blankets over my half naked body and rolled over to sleep.  Memories were just that, but when your nightmares wake you in the wee hours of the night there is not much one can do except roll back over and pretend you are sleeping. 

It was almost a nightly occurance, one nightmare or another.  Tonight it seemed that everytime I closed my eyes I saw every nightmare I'd ever had in ascending order of terror.  By the time my alarm to wake went off I was covered in sweat and had to take a shower despite my plans the night before.  Thankfully I was the first one up and the groans from the three others in the room said they'd heard my alarm too.  

I grabed my things again and showered again.  Dressing fully in the bathroom before heading back to my own bunk to throw what little belongings I had into my duffle bag.  I was out the door as soon as my Ad Aetatem was over.  It had not been my choice, but was all part of the package that I had been given by Mark Green two days prior.

Breakfast and coffee were required, I'd have preferred to grab a workout but I'd forgotten to reset the alarm, not that I couldn't have gotten up hours before anyway.  I could still feel the nightmares rolling through my mind.  The terror they imposed upon my body only made me ache with the need for a good nights rest.  And those were few and far between, maybe getting away from all of this would help but I doubted it.  

Margo assured me that we would keep our regular appointments while I toured the States killing monsters at the Venatori's command.  I enjoyed the hunt, the kill not so much.  Though that was what I suspected, I'd never killed anything in my life.  After hurting Garret when I was young it had become something of a sticking point.  

I could have killed him.  I could have - I should have - I wanted to.  I wanted him to feel the pain he'd inflicted upon me for a year.  A year of beatings that haunted my nights, and my days.  The memories flooded my minds eye, but it was the smell of buring spandex, skin and hair that made me wretch at the memories.  

I could feel the longing to hurt him, to make him pay.  I could feel the pain as the whips of air and earth flayed the skin on my back.  I could feel the creepy crawl of my flesh knitting back together slowly.  Over and over and if I sparked he'd repeat it ten times over.  

It was how I learned control.  To control every fiber of my being, every movement, every pattern I could exert over the world.  I controled it.  They were mine, until Garret pushed me up against the wall with the palm of his hand.  I'd learned to give Garret control, to relax into his touch when he wanted me to behave, right before he removed my shirt and turned me around to beat.  I was helpless to do anything for fear of getting hit more than I already was.  

My revenge had been bitter sweet.  I could taste it in my mouth, I could smell the burning flesh as my memories ran over it.  My body quivered with the memories, I could feel the pain of the last beating he'd ever given me.  As the last stroke was about to fall I feigned a spark, I purposefully created a well aimed flame at the feet of the man who haunted my dreams.  His pants caught fire and I fed the fire with more heat, more power.  

I let him burn, I felt the power in the fire as it fed on his skin, on his hair and I listened to him scream in agony.  I wanted to enjoy it, but I couldn't.  The sirens went off and I was pulled from my illusions of revenge and I wrapped the burning man in water and ceased the flames from doing anymore damage.  I had wanted to hurt him.  

Dorian was the one to first talk to me.  He sat across from me and I could see the disappointment in his eyes.  He just looked at me and I could see the fury in his face.  I remember the stabbing guilt that peirced my body when he looked at me.  He only said I had disappointed him.  And I rattled off my apologize, promised never to do it again.  Begged and pleaded for forgiveness.

I remembered sitting in detention for a month.  Thinking on my actions.  While it had been ruled an accident it was required punishment.  Margo was the only one to see me during that month.  It was when she'd officially been assigned to oversee my mental health.  I never told her what he'd done to me.  I never told anyone what Garret did to me.  I have no intentions of ever letting that man have that kind of power over me again.  But I never had to work with Garret again after that despite the fact I had to endure another full year of fire-starter control classes.  They were easy enough as I had control.  I never sparked again.  Everything I do is controlled, there are no accidents. I laugh at the control others have over their ability, it's so inept, so irratic.  They could do better, but they didn't have to.  They weren't beaten into submission.

I truly needed to get out of this place, the memories still raw inside caused me to stop in the hallway.  I took a breath and pushed everything aside as I walked the cafeteria line for the final time.  I bid Ms. Sheila, the red-headed cook who dotted on me as she would her own child, adeu.  She said she hoped she never saw me again.  It was a jest and yet I hoped she was right too.

I ate breakfast in relative peace, which was unusual.  I was quickly out before most of the crowd started to filter in for their morning meal.  I still had a few hours to kill before the ceremonies actually started so I lounged in the conference room I was assigned to wait in while everyone else passed through their's before me.  As an 'S' I was near the end of this show.  I envied Jace his last name.  Aaron would go after me but Ross shortly before me.  I was thankful neither of them were assigned to my waiting room.  Our parents would be off in some other room mingling with one another.  I did not envy the people my mother was about to suck up to.

The girl before me was called in for her rite and I stood up and started pacing.  It was nothing I kept telling myself.  There was nothing to it.  I could do this.  Needles were nothing, I'd done it before.  I rubbed the back of my neck as a reminder.  The tattoo I'd gotten at 16 was the only time I had been drunk enough to do something as stupid as get a tattoo when I'm terrified of needles.  I barely remember any of it.  I remember the hang over though.  I didn't drink that much ever again.

The four elements were etched into the back of my neck, where everyone could see except for me.  I have seen it, in pictures and in mirrors, but at least it's not a constant reminder of what I'm afraid of.  The one I was about to receive was going to be a huge reminder.  Most of the ritual itself was a cake walk until the end.

My name was finally called and I walked into the private sitting room that was the place of the first ritual.  It was the bloody part of the whole thing.  Dorian stood in a traditional outfit that was reserved just for this ceramony.  He looked uncomfortable.  The silly thing restricted movement and made him look clumpsy, and Dorian Vega was anything but clumpsy, he was the model of perfection.  I had never seen the man out of place in any shape or form, even after he'd been swimming laps.  Never once had he looked liked this.  He stood between my parents with a rabbit being held in his hands over the fire that burnt hot, I could feel the heat from the distance of the door.  My parents looked liked they'd been standing in a sauna for hours, sweat poured from their pores making them look like wet rats.  I had to hide a smirk as I walked to them.

Dorian started some archaic chant.  I had memorized it for class, but I'd since forgotten it.  I didn't need to know it now.  I only had two jobs to do tis room.  Slit the rabbit from sterum to anus and stand pretty like while Dorian draped entrails around my wrists and ties them to my mother and father.  I could smell the blood from the rabbit cooking in the fire below after I'd cut it I did my best not to look like I was about to wretch.  The words were spoken in an ancient language and it basically said that I had come to sever ties with my clan - in this case my family - to join a new one  - the Venatori as a whole.  I was an adult.  If I had been deemed a minorem unfit to breed I would have been sterelized as the next step of the ritual.  The pain and suffering those who didn't qualify was beyond compare.  Needles were nothing compared to minor surgery.

I was offically severed from my parents, not that I was ever connected to either of them to begin with.  But this was how it had always been done and who was I to balk tradition.

The next step was going to be interesting.  A drug induced hallucination, they called it a vision quest.  But it was still a drug induced hallucination no matter what meaning I derived from its viewing.  I was reminded of the movie Divergent and was thankful they couldn't see into my head like that.  My fears come to life for all to see.  I could do with out the world knowing my deep dark secrets and fears.

Some cultures had you lick the back of a frog, or smoke some aweful concotion.  We, we drank a seemingly foul substance that made our minds see things.  I was not happy about introducting this shit to my system I'd be fighting it for days, they said it was completely harmless, yeah for an iron consitution of a true Venatori.  I was Minorem, lesser.  I knew my limits.  I'd probably vomit after the whole chebang was over.

I drank the foul tasting thing and my mind started to blurrand buzz and I could feel the drug taking over my faculties.  The last thing I saw was Dorian help me lie down so I don't knock myself out with the loss of concsiousness that hit me with a loud pop in my ears.

It was like dreaming, and I hated my dreams.  I got lost in the darkness of my own mind.  I felt like screaming as every nightmare replayed in my mind.  The past revealed itself in a kaledscope of images, none of which were happy.  I could feel my body trembling with fear but I could do nothing to stop the shaking.  I felt hands on my arms, a soothing touch on my cheek and the world jumped into visions of things I could barely understand.  I saw a claw raking through my mother's chest.  I saw the bluest eyes I'd ever seen staring back at me with nothing but what I could only describe as love.  I saw fire, lots and lots of fire.  Fire overwhelmed me.  I could feel the heat of it.  I felt the rush of falling.  The love of my children.  How I knew it was my children I didn't know but I saw tiny faces staring back at me.  Happiness.  Or what I assumed it must feel like.  I'd never been completely happy with anything in my life.  

I sank into darkness.  The fears colliding with my happy feeling.  I woke with a shudder and I could feel my stomach rolling as I was pulled to a sitting position and offered a drink of water.  Dorian and Margo stood over me with a look of concern but there was nothing they could do, or say.  I was feeling the effects of the drug as they helped me stand up.  Perhaps this was a good thing.

Dorian walked me to phase three, the final one, the very last thing I had to do before I got on a plane to the rest of my life.  I sat down in the chair provided.  I had to remain still, remain calm.  I leaned back in the chair and I caught Dorian whispering to the man who was about to put a needle with black ink to my forehead.  

I closed my eyes and relaxed.  When I opened them the man was standing above me, he was waiting for me to calm myself before he started.  I gave him a slight nod and he smiled at me with reassurance.  He put his free arm against my chest and pinned me to the chair.  My body relaxed with the reflexes that Garret had taught me those many years ago.  The same reflex that put me at Gregory's whim the night before.  I was grateful for the gesture as he put the needle to my head.  I felt every prick every sensation as the two crossed swords were etched into my right temple.  He whispered to me, "Stay still, stay calm."  I had no choice but to obey until my body knew it was released from its servitude.  Until he was satisfied.  

I fought back the memories again of Garret and my early childhood.  The tears that fled the corners of my eyes in a soft roll were soundless.  It was too much for my mind and it was the only release.  I didn't move, didn't make a sound.  I held my breath and tried not to as the last few bits of black were colored into the lines of the swords that would adorn my face forever.

The man smiled at me with a nod and pulled my hands to help me sit up.  My queue to freedom.  The fear and the tension coursed through my body and I force myself to walk past Dorian and Margo through the double doors where the end of the line was.  Walking through those doors I was an adult.  If I stayed here I would be forever the child, forever unworthy, forever lost in the terror of this place.  I stepped through the double doors and my stomach heaved and every moment of terror coursed through my trembling body as I lost my breakfast in the nearby trash bin.  

I felt a familiar hand on my back and saw Jace's black and white cavas converse on the floor next to me.  He didn't say anything, he didn't have to, there was nothing more to say.  He handed me a paper towel and I wiped my mouth.  I had made it through the day.  I wasn't ready to leave the one person who had always been there for me.  He wrapped his arms around me and gave me a hug and whispered, "Call me.  Your things are down in the lobby waiting.  Don't miss your flight."

He was always the pragmatic one, always thinking ahead.  I nodded my farewell and that would be the last time for many years I was sure before I saw my best friend again.