# Taking Social Media

Matt's social media accounts blew up after he sent the picture of him kissing Nox in Nox's parents kitchen.  Even weeks later Matt was fending off questions.  Who is he?  What, your gay?  What happened to Tiffany, you were my OTP.

There were many congradulations and many more heart broken women replying to that one picture than any picture he'd posted of him and Tiffany.  It was strange not tagging his own boyfriend in the picture, but Nox wasn't on social media, not in any public sort of way.  He didn't have that type of life.  But Matt had talked him into getting one account he could start using to tag him in.  Nox liked the idea not having to say much, pictures told a thousand worlds after all.  Instagram was the only account he let Matt set up.

Nox was a little gun shy when it came to flaunting what he did have.  For eleven years, Nox had grown up with little money.  When he went into foster care he'd been given a home with a well off uptown family and money was never an issue.  And in reality, Nox's claim of not being able to afford anything more than his studio apartment above Anna's bar was bullshit.  He had a growing trust fund that his foster family gave him.  He never touched it.  Matt had found out about it from his foster sister Megan, a few days after he'd made things official with Nox.  

Megan had wanted Matt to be aware of the money, so if he wanted to push Nox into a given direction of comfort he could use it against her brother.  Megan wanted only happiness for Nox.  She was his little sister, but she acted more like a big sister nine times out of ten.  Megan was Nox's rock in the early years.  Matt appreciated her advice.

The day before Megan allowed Nox to go home they were hanging out in the family room, Nox was thumbing through his new Instagram account, that Matt had set up for him.  Nox was not impressed by any means.   But Nox was happily curled up in Matt's lap as they watched some stupid show that Megan was watching.  Matt snapped a picture of the two of them.  Nox wasn't looking at the camera, but his make up was perfect, the orange highlights in his black hair were standing on end and the errant strand was flopped over Nox's forehead like it was crafted to do that, but Matt knew better.  Matt sent it to his account and tagged Nox in it.  It would at least answer a few well meaning questions.

Nox's phone chirped and he looked at it quisically at the new sound.  Matt watched as he opened the app on his phone and saw immediately what Matt had done.  He looked back up at Matt from his lap and frowned, "Really?"

Matt grinned down at him and kissed him softly.  "At least we weren't kissing."

Nox rolled his eyes.  "Is this going to be a thing?  You capturing me when I'm not aware?"

Matt couldn't help but play coy, "Maybe."

Nox phone started beeping again.  "Look what you did."  He accused Matt.  Matt couldn't help but laugh as he opened up his app and started reading the incoming comments.  Nox was the first to respond, "See they think I'm not friendly.  He never looks at the camera, Matt.  Is he shy?"

Matt watched as Nox used the small keys on his phone, he hated texted and perfered to just call you, but he was getting better at it since Matt frequently texted him anyway.  Matt's phone beeped and he read what Nox had written.  "I had no idea Matthew was taking that picture.  I am the least shy person you'll find."

Matt laughed.  "You know they'll ask you to prove it."

Nox rolled his eyes.  "Fine." Nox rolled out of Matt's lap and stood up, Matt missed the warmth of his boyfriend's body but when Nox held out his hand he took it and stood up with him.  

"Where are we going?"  Matt asked.

"Dancing."  Nox said with a smile Matt was coming to love.  It meant he was going out in public with Matt to a public place.  Their first traditional date.  "Go home Matthew.  I'm taking you out to dinner then we are going to Lavo."

Matt grinned.  "What's this proving?"  He had an idea of what Nox wanted.  Proof he wasn't shy.  Matt was looking forward to Nox's attire but he was afraid Nox was going to play uber-gay just to prove he wasn't shy.  Matt knew he wasn't shy, he was right he was the farthest person from shy that he could think of.

Nox just took Matt by the hand and lead him to the door.  "Matthew, I'll pick you up in an hour."

Matt left Nox's foster parents house and walked home.  His apartment was three blocks away and it made life a little easier thought it would be nice to spend time alone with Nox but he had never asked to come over before, maybe tonight would be different.  Matt was thankful his apartment was at least clean from lack of use when he got in.

A hot shower later Matt was rummaging through his closet looking for something to wear.  He didn't want to look over dressed but he didn't want to let Nox's personality overshine his own either.  He heard his phone beep and he walked across to his bed where it lay and smiled when a picture of his boyfriend greeted him.  Several actually.  

Matt scrolled back to take a look at the first picture Nox had posted after he left his childhood home.  Nox started his picture spree with a screen shot of the picture and his reply with the caption"Proof I'm not shy.  Date night!" The next picture was captioned simply "before".  It was just a picture of Nox in standing in his mirror with the same clothes on Matt had left him in.  Simply put it was Nox sporting a pair of khahki shorts, a white tank top and a zip up hoodie hanging from his shoulders.

The next shot was Nox sans make up.  Matt scrolled again and found a picture taken by someone else of him in just a towel standing in his closet.  The caption said, "Credit to sister Megan."  Nox had replied to it with a rolling eyes emoji - animated and everything.

Nox had taken a picture of the outfit he'd chosen and to Matt's disappointment the leather pants he loved on Nox were not part of the mix.  He'd chosen a pair of ripped black jeans, an orange tank top and the sheer black shirt he liked to wear out dancing.  He had toned down a bit for their first real public date.  That had helped Matt choose clothes anyway.  He put the phone down and started getting ready.

Matt's options weren't quite as varied as Nox's. Everything was quailty wear, but Matt's tastes were less sexy he supposed was the right word.  Matt wore a pair of faded blue jeans and Nox's sapphire blue shirt.  It had quickly become one of his favorites, and Nox only grinned when ever Matt wore it.  It had special meaning to Matt and he wore it often.

Before Matt was finished in the bathroom  he heard his phone ring.  It was Anna.  He'd given her his phone number a few days prior so she'd not have to hunt him down again later.  She was Nox's best friend after all.  "Hey what's up Anna?"

"Are you seeing what I'm seeing?"  She asked surprised.

"You are talking about Nox's posting spree?"  Matt asked happily?

"Yes.  What did you do to him?"  Anna laughed.

"It wasn't me.  He's proving to my fans he's not shy."

Matt could hear Anna rolling her eyes.  "Matt!  You unleashed a monster."

"He's being tasteful."  Matt was surprised.  "I mean he could be posting naked pictures or worse things."

"Where are you guys going?"  Anna asked.

"Dinner and dancing.  I assume the end goal is Lavo, but there is no telling with Nox."  Matt glanced at the clock on his phone.  "I gotta go or I won't be ready when he gets here."

Anna laughed.  "Don't be late for your first date.  You will regret this social media thing Matt.  I promise you."  She hung up and Matt finished getting ready.

Matt was sitting on his couch in the living room with plenty of time before Nox would arrive.  He was flipping through his new photos.  Not only had he shown a picture of him fully dressed and his hair and make up done, but apparently comments wanted to know what he used so he posted pictures of those too.  Matt flipped to his own comments that had been blowing up to see comments exclaiming his boyfriend was hot.  Others were asking where they found him - all women asking about his goregous boyfriend.  It didn't matter that Nox was with him, the women still thought Nox was hot.  And he was.  Nox liked men more than women, but he liked women a great deal as well.

Matt took a selfie sitting on his couch and captioned it, "I'm waiting..."

The moment it posted Matt heard the knock on the door and he answered it without thinking.  Nox was pouting when he opened the door.  "You ruined my next one."

Matt chuckled.  "How'd I do that?"

Nox shook his head, "Nevermind.  This will work.  Smile for the camera."  Nox took their first joined selfie on his phone and posted it.  

Matt's phone beeped and he picked it up to see the caption "That's it for now."

Matt laughed.  "They won't let you stop now."

Nox nodded. "I know.  They'll get a few random ones later, but this is about you and me.  Not your fans."

Matt laughed.  "They are now your fans too apparently.  Did you see your numbers?"

"I did.  You ready?"  Nox asked and Matt nodded his ascent.  Nox offered his hand and they walked towards the elevator for their first public date.