# Dinner and Dancing

Getting ready had been fun.  Nox didn't particularly care about the new following he had, but he played to it.  He was not shy.  It wasn't about the camera.  But if Matt asked him to stop he would, but the other man never told him to stop so Nox didn't.

When he arrived at Matt's apartment, which was the first time he'd ever actually been there he wasn't suprised to see it hardly looked lived in.  Everything was perfectly in it's place, and the walls were picture free.  This was a temporary home for Matt.  Which in the long run was bad, but Nox figured he'd deal with that when the time came.  For now he'd roll with it.  

Matt was ready and he looked the part.  He was grinning madly when he opened the door ruining his entire next post by posting one of his own.  Nox didn't have any intention of documenting the date itself, but who knew what pictures would happen.  He'd already made reservations at his favorite Italian restaurant in Little Italy, and then they'd head over to Lavo for the remainder of the night.  This was technically their first date.  Everything else except for coffee and the bar below Anna's that first day hadn't really counted as a date, they hadn't been out in public.  It was a big deal for Matt's reputation, but his fans mostly seem to go with it.  Almost accepting the fact that he liked men like it was something they already knew and maybe they had. 

They left the apartment hand in hand, Nox only caught a few looks of astonishment as they walked out, but no one gasped or commented within their hearing.  There were however a few pings on his phone that he glanced at when they got on the train.  Nox laughed and Matt was looking over his shoulder chuckling softly in Nox's ear.  "It seems that people are playing the let's find Matt game."

Matt asked, "Did you tell anyone where we were going?"

Nox shook his head with a soft smile.  "Nope.  This should be interesting."  Nox sighed, "However they kinda know where you live this isn't necessarily a good thing."

"A lot of fans have.  They can't get past the doorman, much less up the elevator.  I doubt it'll be a problem.  It's not unusual."  Matt sounded like it was no big thing, and maybe it was for him.  It was for Nox.  He didn't want people stalking his every move, that was probably why social media had always been something he wasn't interested in.  But Matt was enjoying himself and that is all that really mattered to Nox.

The restaurant was packed but they came to the door and were greeted by the hostest who sat them immediately at a small table in the back.  It wasn't perfect but it was better than waiting.  Matt smiled at Nox.  "You've been planning this a while?"

Nox shook his head.  "No just in the hour since I told you to go home.  Money can buy you things.  I know what Megan told you."

Matt looked guilty and a blush rose over his ears.  "Megan's told me a lot in the past few days."

"I know.  She can't keep a secret."  Nox smiled as two glasses of wine were pored and an anti-pasto was set down between the two of them with two plates.  

Their server introduced himself.  "I'm Miguel, and I will be your server today.  I have your order already in sirs.  If you need anything else just let me know."

Matt shook his head.  "You choose to spend your money on me in this way?"

Nox grinned at his boyfriend.  "I don't usually spend money like this.  I've never had anyone who I felt I could with.  And since this is our first real date, I decided I was treating you.  Romance is part of the game now, yes?"

Matt laughed.  "Yes.  I suppose it is.  You aren't the only one who can be romantic though."

Nox could feel the blood rushing to his ears at Matt's choice of delivering his message.  The rose with three little words attached to it meant more than anything anyone could have ever done for Nox.  The rose sat on his desk in his room in a old soda bottle he'd found interesting when he was a kid.  And the note was currently folded in his pocket.  He hadn't let go of it for more than a few moments at a time - afraid it wouldn't be true if he did.  Insecurity was the biggest of Nox's issues not that he let anyone really see that.

They chatted over dinner about nothing particularly important.  They'd been spending a great deal of time together since Nox had taken up residence at his foster parents house.  He hadn't gotten permission from Megan to leave yet.  Her permission wasn't necessarily required to return home, but if he wanted to be left alone he knew better than to try to get around Megan's ministrations.  

He did have to admit he felt better now.  Not from Megan's help well not completely anyway.  Knowing Matt wanted him made things better.  Scared the living hell out of him, but he felt better.  Knowledge was power in this case but it wasn't always so.

Nox hadn't ordered desert.  Matt commented, "What no desert?"

It made Nox grin.  "Maybe after dancing.  I can think of a few things that could go over well after a long night of dancing with you."

Matt smiled.  "Then shall we?"

Nox stood up and offered Matt his hand as he dropped a couple hundreds on the table.  He knew it was more than enough to pay for the service and a very large tip, but he was being exorbantly spendful tonight on purpose.

Matt frowned at him but they walked out without another word.  The train ride was almost uncomfortable as they stood against each other in the car with standing room only.  But the closeness soon made the situation more teniable as they bumbed against each other as the train carried them over the tracks.  Matt smiled and leaned against Nox and wrapped an arm around his waist pulling him closer.  "I shouldn't get mad if you want to waste money."

Nox kissed Matt softly.  "It's not wasted.  I was making a point."

Matt nodded ang murrmured against his lips, "What point?"

"My sister says a lot of things.  She doesn't know everything.  There are reasons the trust remains full.  There are reasons I want to pay for things my way."  Nox kissed Matt again letting his lips linger much longer this time before he continued.  "I spend my money where I see fit.  Tonight you are worth spending on.  Our first date in the real world.  You are letting me touch you, kiss you.  Dance with you.  We'll see what other things you'll let me do later."

Matt laughed softly.  "Why wait?"

Nox kissed along Matt's jawline to his ear and whispered, "Because, Matthew I want to dance with you."  His voice was heavy with desire and Matt shivered with the linger breathe against his neck. 

Matt smiled against Nox's neck and said.  "One day I want to let everyone hear how you say  my name."

Nox laughed.  "Why?"

Matt kissed his boyfriend's neck and Nox let out a soft moan under his breath, "Because I want everyone to know exactly why I fell in love with you."

Nox tensed at the l word Matt had used.  His voice was small and distant, "You love me?"

Matt pulled away from Nox taking him by the shoulders and speaking louder than he did before but not loud enough to be heard more than a few seats away.  "Yes, Nox.  I love you.  Is that so hard to beleive?"

Nox didn't say anything just pulled Matt close for another deep kiss.  When they pulled away breathless he whispred, "I love you."  It felt foreign on his tongue, he'd never said it to anyone, not his mother, or his foster parents, and definitately not to someone he was sleeping with.  He felt small and not himself.  He took a deep breathe and said it again, louder and with more confidence.  "I love you."

Matt pulled Nox against him and smiled before he teased Nox, "Good.  I'm glad you got that straightened out."

Nox rolled his eyes playfully as the train lurched to a stop and they got off the train with 80% of the car they were in.

The line outside of Lavo was long for this hour, it was still plenty early and Nox could have gotten in as he knew the bouncer at the door, but it was more fun to stand in line with Matt and see how many people stared when they recognized his boyfriend.  There were a few of Matt's fans who stopped and talked and took pictures with them.  Insisting that Nox stay in the picture.  Nox obliged them if only for Matt.  

Several others had snapped pictures of them standing against the wall waiting in line clearly ignoring everyone else around them - completely absorbed in one another.  Those pictures always seemed to make it to their social media accounts.  They were going to have a lot to read when they got back.  Nox had started a game with Matt's fans that he was not sure he was enjoying the lime light.  At least when he worked in the background no one really recognized him.  Sure there were people in the community who did.  Others recognized the way he trained his actors.  But mostly he was ignored - just another name on the credits.  He liked seeing his name up there, but being recognized wasn't really his thing.  He shouldn't have started posting those photos earlier.  He was regretting it now.

Matt seemed to catch his feelings because he turned so Nox leaned against the wall and he stood in front of him.  He grinned at him, "Too much fame for you?"  Matt's voice was full of humor "I'm sorry.  But it's your fault."

Nox grinned and leaned in to kiss Matt.  "I know," he whispered against Matt's lips.  "Maybe it'll calm down."

Matt laughed. "Fat chance.  Come on, I think we can get in now."

He was right they'd been holding up the line a little from their point against the wall.  The bouncer smiled at Nox as they walked past.  Matt leaned in. "I think he likes you."

"I'm sure he does.  Otherwise he'd probably not let me in."

Matt pulled Nox on to the dance floor instead of towards the bar.  He was smirking as Nox looked at him with amusement dancing in his eyes.  Once the throng of bodies hid them sufficiently from eyes on the outside Matt pulled Nox against him and they started moving to the music.  

The last time they'd been here together was with Anna and Tiffany.  They had danced much the same then, but Nox had left early.  He hadn't regretted it the night too much, he'd gotten to dance with Matt, but Tiffany had taken the game to another level after that.  It wasn't about flirting with him anymore, it was about making sure Nox knew that Matt was hers.  It's funny how it all turned out.

Nox pushed away the dark memories and focused on what was right in front of him, or rather behind him as Matt had moved around him with swiftness.  His arms wrapped around Nox's waist and their fingers entwined as they danced together in the dark blinkling lights of the club with the thrum of music all around and the near electric energy coming off the crowd around them.  Nox was in the best place in the world - in the arms of the man he loved dancing their hearts out.

