# Proposal One and Two

The night was filled with romance.  Dinner then dancing and of course sex for the first time in Matt's apartment.  Nox hadn't really gotten a good look at it last night when they both came stumbling into the apartment barely able to keep their hands and mouths off of the other person.  Dancing was an aphrodisiac and they both had dance their hearts out.  The sex was better than the dancing.   Their bodies had moved in perfect sync on the dance floor, but in bed they'd become one.  

Maybe it was the fact that Nox let himself be loved, or that he loved Matt more than he was willing to admit, but Nox was content when the night ended.  There was no lingering fear that he needed to leave as he lie in Matt's bed curled against his boyfriend's body watching Matt's chest rise and fall in a deep rythymic sleep.  Nox couldn't sleep, but he didn't get up.  He wasn't uncomfortable, it was just the opposite.  He felt at home lying next to Matt.

Eventually sleep took Nox and he woke with the sun streaming across his face with Matt's arm over body, idlly caressing the scar on his shoulder.  Nox opened his eyes and glanced at Matt who was staring down at him.  He kissed Nox softly.  "I don't think I've gotten to see you sleep before."

Nox sat up and Matt pulled him back down and laid on his long lithe body on top of his own.  "You aren't going anywhere."  Nox couldn't help but chuckle which was cut short when Matt kissed him deeply.  "I wanted to ask you something."  Matt whispered against Nox's lips.

Matt slide to the side and leaned down on his elbow, half his body still on top of Nox.  Nox looked up expectantly at him waiting for the question.  Matt gave him a lazy grin before he started.  "The season is wrapping up in a week.  We have a premiere party and then I'll go back to LA."

Nox nodded.  He wasn't ready to discuss this particular event yet, but he kept quiet about his problem.  It wasn't like he hadn't known Matt didn't live in the City.  He'd go home eventually.  He'd work on another set or another movie and if the series wouldn't be picked up again they'd move on and do other things.  Making their lives difficult at best.  

"I was wondering.  Maybe."  Matt started fumbling for words, something he'd not done in a while.  Which told Nox he was about to say something he wasn't sure about or that would embarass him to no end.  Nox didn't interrupt.  He waited patiently for Matt to spit it out.  "Come stay with me in LA."  Nox was about to object but Matt put his fingers to Nox's lips before he could say anything.  "Come for a month.  See how you like it."

Matt sat back and sighed.  "I got a chance of a lifetime.  A friend of mine found a producer for the short film we wrote a while back.  We got the funding to shoot.  It'll start the day after the premiere.  I couldn't push it any further."

Nox sat up and leaned on his elbow to look into Matt's beautiful blue eyes and smiled.  "So do it.  I'm not stopping you."

Matt smiled.  "I know.  But I'll be so busy with everything and the short time span I have to work on it, that I won't have time to call you, or talk to you over the distance.  The timezones alone are going to hurt us but my schedule is royally going to screw it up.  I can't imagine a day where I don't see you.  At least if you are staying at my place in LA, I'll be able to see you in my bed."

Nox laughed.  "You only want me there for your midnight sex-cupades."

Matt leaned in and kissed Nox softly.  "There is that.  But seriously, I don't want what happened with Tiffany to happen to us."

That was the kicker.  Matt knew it too.  Nox fell back against Matt's bed and sighed.  "Alright."

"Really?  You aren't going to complain about it?  Not even a joke?"  Matt sounded confused.

"I don't have anything I have to do for the following month.  I can put my life on hold to go play housewife to my boyfriend so he doesn't feel lonely."  The sarcasm dripped from his mouth like honey and Matt kissed him deeply.

"You'll like it.  I promise.  It's just a month.  If you don't like it you can come back here.  We'll figure something out."

Nox sighed.  "I said alright, already."

"I love you."  Matt leaned down and kissed him. 

Nox playfully pushed him away.  "Yeah yeah yeah.  I love you to.  Now get off me. I'm hungry."  Nox tried to sit up and pulled away from Matt.  He missed the warmth of Matt's body against him though.  Nox started looking around the room for his clothes.   

He could feel Matt's eyes watching him from the bed.  Nox purposefully gave Matt a good look at his ass as he bent down to pick up his boxers - or Matt's as he'd come to find out as he picked them up.  Matt laughed softly to himself.  "Hey, Nox."

Nox sat on the end of the bed and turned around to look at Matt.  "Yes, Matthew?"

Matt's eyes rolled back in his head and he fell backwards against the pillows with a grin on his face.  "I love how you say my name, you know that right?"

Nox nodded.  "I know.  But that's not what you wanted is it?"

Matt shook his head and whispered.  "I have no food in my fridge, we are going to have to go out."

Nox made a disgruntled sound and threw Matt's boxers at him.  "Then get up and get dressed.  I ain't waitin around for you."

Matt giggled as Nox stood up and grabbed his pile of clothes off the floor.  "Are you laughing at me Matthew?"

Matt shook his head and hid under the blankets then nodded his head.

Nox pounced on the bed and it wasn't long before their playful banter turned into passionate foreplay and it didn't take long from there before they were rutting against one another.  Matt whispered in Nox's ear as he hid his face against Nox's neck.  "You think..."

Nox pulled away and made Matt look at him while he asked.  The blood rushed to his face and his voice was filled with lust.  "you."  Matt kissed Nox roughly and mumurred against his lips, "I."  Nox bit Matt's lip playfully.   "Hmmmmm.  I want you inside me."  The moment he said it Matt buried his face against Nox's neck and sucked hard and fast eliciting a deep groan from Nox. 

"Of course, Matthew."  It changed the whole dynamic for them at the moment.  Nox rolled over and pushed Matt into the mattress.  He searched for a condom in his pile of clothes.  He wasn't fully prepared for sex at Matt's place.  He would have to rectify that in the future.  Nox kissed down Matt's body starting with a deep kiss, his lips trailing along his jaw line and to his ear.  Nox whispered, "Do you want me to fuck you Matthew?"

Matt groaned softly underneath him and Nox smile against his ear as he kissed lower and sucked softly at the tender skin above his collar bone.  Lower Nox sank, his tongue running circles around Matt's nipple.  His fingers squeezing and plucking at the other one.  Matt's body writhed underneath him.

Nox ran his tongue down between Matt's abs and circled his belly button.  Matt let out a small moan when Nox sucked at the hollow of his hip.  Nox licked and kissed lower down his leg and between them.  He manuevered Matt so that he could get access to his tight ass and his tongue circled his entrance.  Matt gasped at the new sensation.  Nox paid extra special attention to the area, his tongue probing inside before he slide a finger in taking Matt's balls in his mouth and rolling them gently with his tongue.

Matt's body tightened as Nox pulled away, his finger still rubbing inside of his lover stretching him to prepare him for something far bigger than one finger.  Matt had said he was practicing on his own and Nox beleived as he slipped a second finger in and Matt did little more than groan at the intrusion.  A third finger elicited a small pained moan but his body shook with the pleasure of it.  Nox kept a finger inside as he handed Matt the condom.  "Open it for me, Matthew."

Matt complied but it took a while as he was still writhing form Nox's ministrations.  Opened and handed to Nox his hand fell to his hip and he edged his hand towards his cock.  Nox took it in his own. "Not yet Matthew."

Nox pushed the head of his cock against Matt's entrance and Matt groaned.  "Ahhh..."

Nox mumurred reassurances to his lover as he entered him for the first time.  He pushed ever so slowly in. He had to hold Matt back as he did, he was too eager, to wontan as Nox pressed inside.

Matt was panting heavily long before Nox was fully engaged inside of him.  His eyes were wide his body was shaking with the pleausre of it.  His head was tipped back and Nox leaned forward and bit Matt's neck and sucked hard as he drew himself out.  Matt's moan nearly sent Nox over the top.  "You are so hot and tight Matthew."

Matt could only moan in response as Nox moved slowly back inside of his lover.  Nox found a pace that pleased Matt rubbing against his prostate and he could barely hold himself together.  Nox sat up and grabbed Matt's cock and started pumping his long length with his hand as he thrust inside of the other man.  Nox wasn't going to last much longer and from the looks of the man coming undone underneath him, Matt wasn't going to either.  Nox barely got out.  "Come for me Matthew."  As he spurt inside of him, his body shaking with the orgasm that took him and Matthew's own ejaculation spurting over his abs and stomach.  

Matt finally caught his breath.  His voice still shook with tremors of his pleasure as he came down, "Holy fuck."

Nox pulled out of Matt with a grunt and Matt's body quaked more from the last bits of pleasure.  "I would have to agree."  Nox rolled on to his back and pulled the used condom from his length.  His stomach growled.  "Now I'm really hungry."

Matt laughed.  "I need a shower.  I smell like sex."

Nox nodded.  "Yeah.  But no shower."  Nox pulled him self up out of bed and offered Matt a hand.  "I'm hungry. You have no food.  I'm not waiting for you to shower so people don't know we just had sex.  Wash up, Matthew.  I'm hungry."

Matt groaned.  "If I don't want to?"

Nox turned with a sly look on his face.  "I'll spank you."

Matt sat up startled.  "Say what?"  But there was excitment in his eyes.

Nox grinned playfully.  "Does that excite you, Matthew?  We've never talked about more than the basics."

Matt blushed.  "I can't say that it doesn't.  But..."  His blush deepened.

Nox sat down next to Matt and kissed him softly on the cheek.  "Another time, Matthew.  But if it even slightly interests you, we need to have a serious discussion about limits before we attempt anything."  Nox turned Matt to look at him, lifting his chin so he'd meet his eyes.  "Matthew, do you want me to ask you about this again later?  Or is this something you will bring up?  I'm not trying to pressure you.  I need nothing more from you than what you've already given me.  This isn't about making me happy.  So don't make yourself do anything you don't honestly feel comfortable with.  Do you understand me, Matthew?"

Matt nodded. "If I don't ask you.  You can ask me again."

Nox smiled and then leaned in and kissed Matt again.  "Alright.  Now get up, wash up then get dressed.  I'm really hungry."

Matt complied but he smirked as he said.  "You've said that three times now."

Nox grinned, "That's how hungry I am."
