# That's a Wrap

After Matt had asked Nox to come to LA with him, and their first night in Matt's apartment it became a regular thing for Nox to spend the night.  It wasn't that Nox had moved in exactly, not that Matt would have minded if he had, but they were hardly home as it was, finishing up the series and they'd want to spend some time together, Nox more or less just fell asleep at Matt's place.

Matt had been busy packing up what little belongings he had in New York and was already shipping said things back to LA.  Nox had already packed a bag that was at Matt's place.  He lived out of it for the time being.  Matt hoped that Nox would take the time to actually unpack when he stayed the month in LA.  Matt truly hoped Nox would stay with him there regardless, but Nox didn't really want to talk about it too much.  Matt was okay with that.

The day of the last shoot was finally nigh and Nox didn't actually have to work, but the entire cast and crew came in to watch the final takes of the series and for their send off before the big preimere in another weeks time.  Matt had an entire week to spend with Nox.  But first they had to get through the send off party.

When the director called cut on the final scene everyone cheered.  There was still alot of preproduction to do on those last episodes and in a weeks time they'd pilot which was going to be a big deal.  But now it was party time.  The series was left with a cliff hanger and everyone was praying we'd get picked up again.  But there was no word yet.

In the break room there was a large buffett of food, but Matt was looking around the set for Nox.  Jon stopped him with a grin.  "Your boy-toy is in the stunt room."

Matt rolled his eyes.  "Thanks.  But I don't think he counts as a boy-toy, at least not mine."  Matt winked at his friend.

"Are you saying you are his boy-toy?"  Jon gaffawed.

"Maybe."  Things and definitly changed on the set.  Matt wasn't hiding behind closed doors when it came to his feelings for Nox.  Jon had gotten a bit offended at first.  Saying things like you had to go for the pretty boy huh.  Why not me?  It was mostly a joke but Matt thought he might have felt slighted.  He was the one Matt had been kissing on set as it was.  But he felt no attraction to his co-star.  And that was probably a good thing.  Best to keep it purely professional.

Matt found Nox dancing in the studio.  He stood in the doorway and watched his boyfriend move through a series of motions that Matt had seen him practicing before.  There was no music playing besides what was running through Nox's bluetooth headset.  His phone was sitting on the desk gone dark from lack of use.  But Nox was counting steps and moving as if he had music on loud.  And he probably did.  

Nox grinned when he saw Matt standing in the doorway.  He stopped and pulled the earbuds out.  "How long you been standing there?"  He asked as he danced towards Matt.

"Not long."  Matt smiled.  "But I could watch you dance all day.  What were you working on?"

Nox shook his head, stray  hair falling over his forehead, that bright orange peice standing out against the rest of the dark strands.  Matt reached across and pushed the hair out of his face.  It had become a habit of his.  Nox liked it falling in his face.  Matt thought he did it on purpose to make Matt touch him more.  Nox smiled brightly at him and Matt couldn't help but smile back.  Nox waved away the question.  "Nothing special.  Just dancing really."

Matt knew that was a lie.  But it wasn't work related he'd not had any calls in the past few weeks to pick up anything.  At least not that Nox had said anyway.  And Matt didn't know why he wouldn't share if something big came up.  Matt wrapped his arms around his boyfriend and kissed him.  Things had really changed as Nox pulled him closer and deepend the kiss.  

Someone cleared their throat and announced loudly.  "Get a room."

Evelyn came in with a smile as they broke apart.  Matt gave her a fake glare, "What do you want?"

She grinned at him.  "Are you two coming?  The food will be gone before you know it with Jon already in there."

"We are coming."  Nox said simply.  "Matthew was just coming to get me."

Matt tried very hard not to swoon at his own name.  Nox had taken to calling him Matthew everywhere now, not just in private.  Evelyn laughed as she saw Matt's reaction.  "He do that everytime you say his name?"

Nox smiled.  "Yes.  Yes he does."

"I do not."  Matt tried to deny it but the look Nox gave him made Matt pout.  "Fine.  I do.  I love the way he says it."

Evelyn shook her head.  "You two are sickening."

Matt wrapped an arm around Nox's waist and pulled him towards the door.  "I'm sure you are hungry."  Nox was always hungry it seemed.  The price of being as active as he was Matt was sure.  

Nox snickered and grabbed his bag on the floor.  "Always."

Evelyn walked ahead of them.  "I don't think I can watch this."  She ran past them and into the break room to get her fair share of the food.  Jon was notorious for eating everything.

"You gonna miss this?"  Nox asked him.

Matt shrugged.  "Miss you.  But not this necessarily.  It's all the same.  Hopefully it'll get renewed and we'll be all here again in a few months."

Nox nodded as they walked into the room and Jon pulled him away from Nox as Jon pulled out his phone and started taking a selfie.  Matt watched as Nox curled his way around the crowd.  No one bothered him.  He was untouchable almost.  Not because he was dating Matt, just who he was.  Matt had never really paid much attention to how everyone reacted to Nox's presence.  He wore a pair of jeans and a plain t-shirt unlike his usual form fitting attire and he looked normal if you removed the makeup, nailpolish and colored spikes on his head.  A few of the lighting crew stopped to chat with him, but he seemed like a lone flame amongst everyone elses cool demeanor and he didn't seem to mind it as he leaned against the wall and watched everything.

How had Matt never realized Nox hadn't made any real friends on the set?

Matt watched Nox throughout the hour they'd spent in the break room celebrating a job well done with everyone.  He spoke with many people, he mingled but he never lingered with anyone for more than a few minutes at a time.

Evelyn was standing with Matt and Jon and his two co-stars were always pulling him back into conversation.  They'd be interrupted with others making their rounds, but Nox never came over.  Matt excused himself and walked over to where Nox was siting on the window seal sipping at a lemonade.  "You want to go?"

Nox shook his head.  "I'm fine, Matthew. Go hang with your friends."

"How come I never noticed you don't hang with any one?"  Matt asked.

Nox grinned.  "If you hadn't noticed, Matthew, most people find me boring.  Or more to the point I find them boring."

"You could come join me."

"I could.  But then everyone would avoid you.  Matthew, I have a reputation.  The crew all know it.  Being friendly with the man-whore sends the wrong signal."  Nox said flatly.

"People don't see you that way."

Nox nodded towards  a group of people mingling not too far away.  "What do you think they are talking about right now?"  

They were glancing their direction.  Matt sighed. "Us.  I guess."

Nox frowned.  "More than likely they are talking about you and how I probably seduced you into my bed.  And worrying over the damage I'm going to do to you.  You've heard the rumors about Dawn and I.  How I forced her to ... well you know what happened, you walked in on it."

"Why don't you just stop the rumors?  I mean..."

Nox put a finger to Matt's lips.  "What good does quieting the rumors do?.  They are going to talk anyway.  If you want to go I'm ready when you are.  But if you want to stick around for longer, you probably should go back to your friends.  I'm getting several dirty looks now."

Matt sighed and shook his head then grabbed Nox by the t-shirt.  He pulled his boyfriend in and kissed him which seemed to shock Nox before he relaxed and let Matt kiss him.  "Matthew, that's one way to start rumors."

Matt grinned across the small space between them.  "I don't care what they think."

Nox smiled and wrapped his arm around Matt's shoulder.  "Neither do I.  But let's go home anyway."

Matt nodded and grabbed Nox's bag and headed for the door with Nox's arm around his shoulder.  Nox tried to remove it but Matt wouldn't let him.  Matt waved farwell to Jon and Evelyn and they both smiled back at him and waved slightly.  Jon called out after them, "Don't do anything I wouldn't do."

