# Premiere

The week before the preimere flew by.  Matt and Nox spent the entire week together in bed doing absolutely nothing.  Well not nothing - they explored various avenues of bedroom games.  Matt blushed more during those moments when Nox made him talk about what they were about to do. His lover had no issues with talking about sex and he didn't push Matt too far.  He did push but only until Matt relented and spoke or he knew he wasn't going to get anywhere.

They still hadn't talked about limits yet the way Nox had implied they needed to if Matt wanted to be rougher in bed.  Nox was always calm and careful with Matt - never going to fast and definitely not pushing Matt past his boundaries even though they spoke in great detail about many of the things Nox had done with women and some other men.  Matt clearly remembered the hitch in Nox's voice when he spoke about past relationships - nothing. There were none before Matt and that made him a little leary of where things were actually going.  But he could see Nox trying. 

Matt almost felt like he was being treated like he was new to sex.  It irked him a little.  They were lying in bed curled up watching Netflix on Nox's laptop.  Matt's arm was curled around Nox's waist and his chest was plastered to the other' man's back as Nox rested his head on the pillow.  Matt could easily kiss the space between Nox's chin and his shoulder and he had been before his thoughts engrossed him.  Matt whispered, "Why do you treat me like I am new to all this?"

Nox rolled over on to his back and looked at Matt with his long lashes cast over his eyes before he looked up and the depth of his dark chocolate eyes smiled at him.  "Tell me, Matthew, before me what was the wildest thing you've done in bed?"

Matt could feel the blood rushing to his ears.  He ducked his eyes and Nox put his finger underneat Matt's chin and made Matt look him in the eyes.  "This is why Matthew.  It's not that you are new.  But if I don't ask you don't tell me.  I meant it the first time when I told you I wanted to fullfil all your fantasies."

Matt flopped back against the bed and stared at the ceiling.  "What about your fantasies?"

Nox moved and was now hovering above Matt leaning on his elbow and grinning down at him.  "You already fulfil my fantasies Matthew. I need nothing more from you than what you've already given me.  But I want you to be comfortable in  your own skin.  I want you to feel comfortable telling me what you want or even better taking it for yourself.  I want to share everything with you."  

Nox rolled on top of Matt pressing their naked bodies together and pinning Matt's hands above his head.  "I want to make love to you."  Nox kissed Matt gently and worked his lips and tongue along his jawline and over to his ear with tender kisses and small nips of his teeth.  He whispered.  "I want to fuck you."  He sucked on his earlobe and took a deep breath and whispered again.  "I want to be fucked by you.  I want to know what you like.  What you love."  

Nox kissed him hard and whispered with his lips grazing Matt's, "I want to know the things that turn you off.  I want to know what you are curious about."  Nox pulled away and looked down on Matt with a predatory smile.  "And I know you are more curious than you think.  I mean you are in my bed.  A straight man who never thought he'd enjoy the company of another man.  And you tell me you love me all the time."  

Nox leaned down and kissed Matt again softly.  He moaned into Matt's mouth and Matt pushed his hips up against Nox's.  "And I love you.  More than I ever thought possible.  I just want to make you happy."

Matt bit Nox's bottom lip and the other man moaned into his mouth as Matt sucked on it.  "I do love you.  And you do make me happy."  Matt's hands slipped between them and he pushed up so Nox would look at him again.  There was a lustfull heat in his eyes that made Matt lose his train of thought for a moment.  He quickly gathered his senses and drew his gaze down the line of his lover on top of him with a smile.  "I want to make you happy.  But sometimes you are so experienced in this that I don't think I'm going to be enough."

Nox slid to the side still lying half on top of Matt's body but he leaned on his elbow to looke down at him.  "You will always be enough.  All that means nothing.  It meant nothing. You." Nox gave Matt a quick peck on the lips.  "Are all that I want or need."  He leaned down and whispred in Matt's ear.  "I would be celebate if it meant I could be with you forever."

Matt grinned.  "Forever huh?" He pushed Nox off of him.  "That's an aweful long time to look at your ugly face."  Matt grabbed his phone and frowned at the time.  Nox curled around his back and kissed his neck.  Matt rolled his eyes.  "You need to get ready.  We have to leave in a few hours."

Nox grinned against his neck.  "Are you saying I take a long time to get ready?  You are the one who is always late - not me."  Nox bit the tender flesh of Matt's neck before he unfurled himself from Matt's body and crawled to the other side of the bed and headed for the bathroom.  Matt laid back on the bed and watched the form of his boyfriend retreating into the bathroom upside down.  There was nothing about Nox that he didn't like right side up or upside down it didn't matter.  

Matt sighed and got out of bed himself and joined Nox in the shower.  Nox grinned as Matt wrapped his hands around his waist from behind.  He spoke softly as the water fell down his face.  "I thought I had a few hours to get ready.  This won't help."

Matt chuckled against Nox's back and squirted soap into his hand and started rubbing Nox's back with it.  His boyfriend froze at the touch.  He always did.  The scars were rough under Matt's hand.  Matt was gentle but firm with his ministrations.  It had taken Matt a while to figure out how to touch Nox's back without him turning around to hide himself from Matt.  As Matt washed his lover's back Nox began to relax into his touch. The tension leaving was Matt's signal Nox was through the anxiety of being touched and he could run his hands over his back without incident.

Matt hated that someone had hurt Nox this bad.  The scars spanned from just below his neck to just below his waste.  They ran every which way creating ridges and hollows and in some placed chucks of flesh had been gouged out.  But you'd never know unless Nox let you see under his clothes.

It was something that had taken a while when their relationship turned physical and now Matt cherished it more than he did anything else about his boyfriend.  Despite being naked and the water making them both watch the other with lust they behaved themselves - mostly.  There were a few stray hands over body parts and kisses stolen under the spray of the shower head.  But they were both toweling off and wrapping themselves in towels before they strod to their respective areas where clothing was stored.  Nox's outfit had been neatly pressed early that morning since everything was in his packed bag.

Matt pulled on his clothes quickly knowing that Nox would take a while.  It was a simple affair their premeire party and showing it was casual wear, but Nox enjoyed dressing.  And Matt smiled as he watched his boyfriend make a show of it.  He knew Matt was watching.  He never made eye contact but the way he moved - the seductive twist of his hip or the slow pull of fabric over his lithe limbs made Matt squrim as he watched.  It had been a long time since he felt that kind of desire with Tiffany.  

Nox wore a pair of black dress pants and with a white t-shirt under a crimson red button down shirt which he only buttoned up half way.  His hair was dyed black with crimson highlights.  In the few months they'd been together he'd seen, sapphire blue, crimson red, persimmon orange and gold and silver highlights.  Nox had carefully removed the nail polish the night before and his fingers matched both his hair and his shirt.  

Matt watched as Nox moved to the bathroom and started on his makeup.  Which was a little more today than usual.  Special occassions usually warrented more than just the thick eyeliner he wore.  Nox wasn't feminine by any means, he had a thin face and a square jaw with a days worth of stubble that never seemed to grow though Matt knew Nox groomed every morning to keep it the same length - it was called manicured stubble or something like that.  Matt didn't really follow the same things as Nox.  

Matt glanced at his phone and realized he'd been staring at his boyfriend for well over an hour.  He pulled on his socks and shoes just as Nox sat down on the bed to join him.  He grinned at Matt.  "You like watching me don't you, Matthew?"

Matt leaned in and kissed Nox softly on the lips. "Among other things."

Nox chuckled and pulled on his leather jacket and pulled the sun glasses from his pocket and set them on top of his head.  It was an indicator he was done primping and ready to go.  Matt was too.  For a change.  He grabbed his jacket and keys and they headed for the subway station.  

There was a lot of media in the hotel they were holding the premiere.  It wasn't red carpet worthy but still was a lot of  cameras and journalist standing along the entrance hoping to catch interviews and photos.

They'd walked the few streets to the hotel and weren't accosted until they were nearer to the entrance.  Nox had been holding his hand until he saw the first reporter and he dropped it as quickly  human possible.  The media knew of Matt's relationship with another man.  Nox's own following because of his date night pictures had people recognizing him but this was his first media presence.  Matt understood the fear, but he took Nox's hand and squeezed it before he wrapped that same hand around his waist and guided him towards the doors.  

Photographers and journalists called his name.  Matt waved and would stop for a picture hiding most of Nox from view until someone called out Nox's name and Matt felt his boyfriend freeze.  Matt lead Nox towards the journalist who'd called his name, the others flocked towards them but kept their distance.  

Nox frowned as he saw the journalist.  Matt asked, "What can we do for you?"

The man was young, he wore a pair of Harry Potter glasses, he was just missing thescare on his forehead to pull off a cosplay of the young wizard.  Matt grinned at his thoughts as the man spoke.  "Can you tell me about the peice you were working on Tisch?"

Nox shook his head.  "No.  It's not even done yet.  How did you know about it?"

The man smiled.  "I have my resources.  My employers would be truly excited to meet you, and discuss your career. Here's my card."  Matt took it from the man when Nox wouldn't.  "I won't bother you two anymore.  Have an excellent time tonight.  I hope to see you again Mr. Durante."

There were cameras flashing and a few other journalist shouting questions at Nox but he was a little burnt out, Matt could tell just from the way he smiled.  It was tight and he was hiding behind his sunglasses again.  Matt guided his lover to the entrance and into the relative calm of the hotel.  It was still filled with people, but there were very few cameras and journalists.

Now that they were inside Nox pulled his sunglasses off and stuck them in his pocket.  Matt smiled at him, "Better?"

He smiled back.  "I don't know how you do this all the time."

"A talent I guess."  Matt grinned at him.  "Come on let's get something to drink and find the others."

Nox took Matt's hand.  It wasn't a possessive thing, he was truly uncomfortable, his palms were sweating.  Matt grabbed two glasses of wine from the nearest server and found Jon and Evelyn seated in front of the large screen TV in a quiet room - reserved for the cast and their families.  Nox sat down in one of the coaches in the corner of the room and leaned against the wall with his glass of wine.  Matt shook his head at his boyfriend's asocial nature but he sat down next to him anyway and leaned against his chest.  Jon and Evelyn rearranged themselves.  Evelyn picked up Matt's feet and sat under them while Jon pushed Nox's feet off the chair he wanted to sit in.

Nox rolled his eyes and put his feet in Jon's lap instead.  When Jon didn't move them the four of them waited while everyone else mingled for the premiere to actually start.  Matt had his twitter account open and was typing away at the start of his night.  Live Tweeting had become the new thing.  So they were all doing it.  All except Nox, one arm was wrapped around Matt's waist and the other held his glass of wine which he never touched.

