# Phone Calls

The premier ended and the room cheered at a successful end of a first episode.  Nox was still curled around Matt.  He was idly running his hands over the fabric of his blue denim shirt against his abs.  The show was pretty good, but Nox wasn't really interested.  He was more interested in watching his boyfriend doing his job.  But Nox preferred just to stare down at the man in his arms while no one was watching.  

Nox's phone buzzed silently in his pocket and he ignored it.  People were talking about how well the actors did and everyone was starting to scatter.  He could answer it later.  Matt and Jon were chatting and Nox was standing behind Matt ignoring everyone else he wasn't even listening to the conversation.  He didn't normally attend premiere parties of show's he worked on in the past - it wasn't his scene, but he was with one of the lead actors so he showed up.  

The phone buzzed again in his pocket and he pulled it out to see who was so insistant.  The name on the phone made Nox pale.  He answered the phone.  "One moment." Nox leaned down and whispered in Matt's ear, "I need to take this."  Matt smiled and kissed his cheek.  It felt good to feel the warmth of his lovers lips against his skin and his warm breathe in his ear as he said okay.

Nox wanted to just go home and spend the rest of the night with Matt alone - but the chances of that was small.  Nox walked out of the room and into the quiet hotel lobby.  "Sir, I'm sorry.  Is something wrong?"

The voice on the otherside of the phone felt larger than life.  "Nothing's wrong.  Not really.  I need to speak with you.  In person."

"I'm not home right now.  I don't know how long we'll be, sir."

Nox heard the man smile on the otherside of the line.  "Meet me downstairs in the bar in an hour.  And bring your boyfriend, I'd like to meet him.  G speaks highly of him."

"Yes sir.  One hour."  With his agreement the other side of the line went dead.

Matt was walking out by himself with a smile.  "Who was that?" he asked when he wrapped an arm around Nox's waist.  "Let's go home."

"You'll see soon enough, he's meeting us downstairs in Anna's bar in an hour."

"I thought we were supposed to go out tonight.  I was going to surprise you with staying in."  Matt sounded confused.

"There wasn't really much choice in the matter.  And he wants to meet you."  Nox said flatly.

"Who's this mysterious he?"  Matt asked playfully.  "Not some old lover I hope."

Nox grinned at his boyfriend's feigned jealousy.  "Nothing quite so pleasant."

They took the train home and were there with plenty of time to spare however in front of Anna's was black and white police car.  Nox sighed.  "He's early."

Matt blinked at him in confusion.  Nox nodded towards the black and white parked in front of the fire hydrant, "That's his car."

"We are meeting a cop?"  Matt frowned, "Is this bad?"

Nox shook his head.  "No."  Nox opened the door for Matt and Nox let the door close behind them.  The bar was relatively empty at this hour, and it was probably even more so now that Detective Alan Hughes was sitting at the bar.  Nox walked up to him with a frown.  "Sir, you are early."

The man looked up at him with eyes a shade lighter than his own and smiled.  "I am off duty and decided a beer before I saw you would do me good.  Sit Nox.  Who's your friend?"

Matt stepped up next to Nox and offered the detective his hand.  "Matthew Lucas sir, who might you be."

The man took took Matt's hand and Nox watched with a wry humor as the detective smiled.  "Alan Hughes, Nox's biological father."  

Matt's jaw dropped. "I thought..."

"My father was dead?  That's was his cover identity.  He was working undercover when he met my mother.  His cover identity's death started the final blow to taking down G's predecessor."  Nox sat down on the barstood, "Two white wines, Anna.  Please?"

Anna was already pouring them before he'd asked.  Nox handed one to Matt and sipped at his.  Alan laughed, "I make you that nervous?"

Matt smiled.  "Rough day.  He had to be social."

Alan nodded. "Ah.  Not his scene I take it?"

"You could say that.  What can we do for you sir?"  Matt asked polietly.

"G told me he'd let you go with some uppety-up and was proud of you.  I wanted to meet said uppety-up and I also have some news to relay.  Nox do you remember Valerie Anderson?"

Nox shook his head.  "No sir.  I assume she was a fling of mine?"

Alan nodded.  "She passed in childbirth."

"Okay, what's that got to do with me?"  Nox asked.  He had a feeling this was going to be a very bad thing now.

His father sighed.  "Five years ago.  Her child has been in foster care waiting for the biological father to come forth.  Madison Jean, Valerie's daughter's final court date is tomorrow.  If her father doesn't show up tomorrow, she'll be adopted by her current foster family."

Matt asked, "Do they know who the father is?"

"Yes."  Alan nodded.  "They've known without a shadow of a doubt who the father is."

"So why hasn't he stepped up yet?  You'd think he would have if he wanted the kid."  Matt didn't quite get it yet.

His father smirked, "Because up until this moment he didn't know he had a daughter."

Matt turned to look at Nox with wide eyes.  "Wait.  You are saying Nox is the father?"  He turned his surprised expression on his father.  "And you've know the whole time?"  Matt's face turned red, "Why did you tell him sooner?  Why now?  You want to rip the girl from the only parents she's known now?"

Nox put a hand on Matt's shoulder, "It's alright Matthew."  Nox sighed, "What time is the appointment?"

"Tomorrow at 10am."  Alan said.

Nox sighed.  "We have a plane to catch at 8."  

Matt grabbed Nox by the arms and looked him in the eyes.  "You want to go?"  He asked softly and with concern.  Nox could only nod.  Matt smiled and leaned and kissed Nox.  "I didn't think you'd be a deadbeat dad.  We'll reschedule the flight for later."

Nox shook his head, "You go, Matthew.  You have an appointment an hour after we are supposed to land."

Matt shook his head.  "I'll reschedule that too.  Nox, this is more important.  I'm not going to let you do this alone.  Even if it's just to see her - your daughter."

Alan stood up with a smile.  "I will see you boys then.  Matt it was a pleasure meeting you.  We should have dinner sometime - catch up.  Explain things."

Matt offered his hand, "Of course, maybe we can all do lunch tomorrow.  We'll see how it goes."

Nox just sat in stunned silence - he had a daughter.





