# Submission

Nox's father left and Matt watched as Nox stood numbly staring off into space.  "You okay?"

Nox looked at him and smiled.  "Right as rain."  He pulled Matt close and kissed him softly.  Matt could feel the releif flooding his boyfriend in that small gesture of comfort.  When Nox pulled away he whispered against Matt's lips, "I have a daughter.  You okay with that?"

Matt laughed.  "I'd be surprised if you hadn't had at least one."  It was meant to be playful but Nox pulled away and walked up stairs to his studio.  Matt rushed after him.  "I'm sorry, Nox.  That was uncalled for."

Nox didn't say anything at all as he pulled his keys out of his pocket and unlocked his door.  He walked in leaving the door behind him wide open.  At least he hadn't slammed the door in Matt's face.  "Nox.  I'm sorry."

Nox turned around with a grim smile.  "You are right.  Nothing to be mad at.  I shouldn't care."

The words stung worse than Nox being mad at him.  "I didn't mean anything by it."

The laugh Nox gave made Matt jump.  "Yes you did Matt."  Matt's heart sank at the shortening of his name, but Nox continued.  "You meant to call me a whore or a slut.  I know what my past is Matt."

Matt didn't know what to say.  "Nox."

His boyfriend flopped down on the bed and stared up at the ceiling.  "Don't worry about it Matt."

"You are angry with me.  I'm sorry, Nox."  Matt stood over Nox at the end of the bed but he didn't want to join him afraid of what would happen.  "I'm really sorry."

Nox looked up at Matt with tears in his eyes.  He looked away, "Don't worry about it, Matt."

"Stop calling me that if you don't want me to worry about."  Matt shouted, his own volume startling him.  Matt shrugged off his feelings - his anger taking over too and he walked out the door, leaving Nox alone for the first time since he'd ask Nox to come to LA with him.  Maybe they should rethink this whole thing...

Matt went home.  While he was sitting on the subway a text came across his phone.  "I'm sorry."  Matt hit the call button and Nox anwered right away.  "I'm sorry."  He even sounded sorry.  "I shouldn't have gotten mad."

Matt sighed.  "I'm sorry I walked out like that."

There was silence for a while on the other side.  Nox sighed.  "Matthew, will you still come tomorrow.  With me? To court."

"Of course, I will.  Do you want me to come back?"  Matt asked.

"No.  If you want I'll meet you at your place."  Nox said quietly.

Matt couldn't help but smile.  "I'd like that."

They said their good-byes over the phone though Matt knew he'd see his boyfriend in only a short time.  Matt kept thinking about what had happened.  How Nox had been upset at the implication.  Matt should have realized the extent of the small indication that his boyfriend had slept around - a lot before him.  It was meant to be a joke, maybe it was his father or the memories of G that sat heavy on Nox's heart.  Something had triggered his reaction.  It had to be more than the truth of his own words.  He regretted saying it.  

Matt was so lost in his own thoughts he missed his stop and when he got off he had to walk a few more blocks than usual to get to his apartment.  Which wasn't a bad thing, it was nice out, the sun was still shining and the City air felt good against his skin - better than the subway's recycled stuff.

Matt opened his door and found Nox's jacket thrown over the edge of the couch but he couldn't see his boyfriend anywhere.  Matt went into his room and found Nox kneeling next to bed in a gesture of submission.  His body was slack, his hands rested against his knees.  His eyes were down cast.  Nox didn't even look up when Matt stepped into the room.  "Oh Nox.  No, baby."

Matt knelt down in front of him.  "Please don't do this.  I'm not G.  I'm sorry is good enough."  Nox didn't look up at him, he didn't move.  Matt put two fingers under his chin, "Look at me."

Nox's eyes met his and Matt frowned.  "Baby. You don't submit to me."  Matt wanted to get angry, but he couldn't, there was nothing he could do to make this better.

He pulled Nox against him and hugged his boyfriend.  "It's okay.  I promise."  Matt felt Nox tremble and then relax into his embrace.  His boyfriend was broken by stupid people, he was stuck together with duct tape instead of glue, he fell apart everytime something bad happened. Matt didn't mind picking up the peices, actually he loved the fact Nox let him see the broken peices.  "I love you Nox."

Matt felt Nox's chest raise and fall as he mumbled.  "I love you too" against his chest.  