# Court Date

Matt managed to get Nox into bed.  They'd curled around each other in comfort.  Matt felt horrible Nox could tell as he drifted off to sleep.  He felt bad for what he'd said, why he'd gotten angry and then submitting to Matt's mercy.  But he did only what he felt was necessary at the time.  He'd been in one relationship in his life and it was not a romantic one.

When Nox woke up the next morning Matt was still curled around him, his face pressed against Nox's neck.  It felt good to be this close to Matt.  He was not looking forward to not having Matt around.  LA wasn't going to be home.  At least not home for Nox.  His home was here.  But he'd go for Matt - try for Matt.

But they had more important things to worry about now.  Nox unfurled from Matt's arms and took a shower.  He hadn't expected to have to be anywhere fancy so quickly.  Nox opened Matt's closet and sighed when it to was sparse.  He'd packed up most of his things again to send back to LA.  

Nox pulled out two suits.  It was a good thing they were nearly the same height and size.  Sharing clothes was almost easy.  It wouldn't look nearly as good on Nox as Matt but it would work.  When he stepped out of the closet Matt was sitting up in bed watching Nox with a wry grin.  "I wondered what you'd planned on wearing."  His eyes darkened with lust.  "I hope you wear the black one.  I'll take the navy."

"Why the black one?"  Nox asked curiously.

Matt rolled out of bed and stepped into his closet and pulled out the sapphire blue shirt that was Nox's and a matching tie.  "I found a tie to go with your shirt.  Only thing missing is the hair."

Nox laughed softly and pulled Matt into his arms and against his body.  "I'll wear whatever you want me to wear Matthew.  I'll even change the color in my hair for you."

Nox rummaged around in his bag for a box of temporary dye.  It wouldn't be perfect, but the red in his hair would wash out leaving a red tint to the blond tips.  Matt watched him as he went into the bathroom again and washed the dye out.  

Matt stood in the doorway.  "I don't think I've ever watched you do this."

Nox grinned in the mirror at him.  "First time for everything."  Nox paid special attention to the ends as he scrubbed his head clean of the temporary dye.  He'd been right about the pink tinge to the blond highlights remaining when he rinsed.  

It was a quick process he wasn't neat about dying his hair blue.  If stray strands tinged blue it was all the better in his opinion and Matt watched from the doorway until Nox was done and washing his hands.

Matt grinned at Nox through the mirror, "You look like a slicked back biker in blue or something.  If we don't get picked up maybe I'll let you do that to my hair".

Nox laughed.  "As much as I'd like that they better pick up a second season."

Matt nodded and stepped into the bedroom to get ready, Nox had set a time and stepped into the bedroom.  It was his turn to watch his boyfriend get ready.  Matt put on a little show of it too once he realized Nox had been watching him.  It wasn't a strip tease, but it was sensual.  The long slow movements of his fingers against his skin as he pulled each article of clothing across his well defined body.  Nox watched transfixed as Matt dressed himself in the navy blue suit with a white button down and a navy tie.  He looked completely professional.  Where Nox looked like well himself in a suit - the blue was almost too dark for the black suit but the shimmer of the fabric in both the tie and shirt made it stand out hanging against the door.

Nox hardly heard the timer go off as he watched Matt pull the suit jacket on and grin back at him.

Nox finished rinsing the excess dye out before he used the dryer to style his hair.  It stood up on end with the gel and Matt grinned as Nox applied a thin line of eye liner to both eyes - upper and lower.

Matt smiled.  "You aren't going to hide who you are for this are you? I was afraid you might."

Nox grinned at Matt as he turned around.  "I am not going to hide my life behind a fake facade.  I like who I am Matthew."

Matt nodded.  "I like who you are too.  I'm sure your daughter will love you just the same."

Nox frowned as he walked past Matt.  "I don't know if they'll accept it this late.  I could have stepped forward sooner.  If I'd known."

Matt wrapped his arms around Nox and nodded.  "I know.  We'll tell them that.  You didn't know.  You don't want to take her from her family do you?"

Nox shook his head.  "I only want to meet her.  Get to know her.  I would have been pissed if someone took me from the Austins."  Nox dressed in silence with Matt getting things together - making the bed and fishing out the premade muffins for his breakfsat.  Nox rolled his eyes at breakfast but took the one Matt offered him.  They really didn't have time to do more.  They were already running too close to schedule for Nox's comfort.

They took the subway to the court house in companionable silence.  Sweat was running down Nox's temples, and his palms were sweaty.  He wasn't nervous - no that was just his normal appearance.  Matt took pity on him and had his arm around Nox's waist comforting him as they walked into the court room several minutes early. 

The court room was rather empty.  His father - both his father's were sitting in the front pew behind the little girls family Nox assumed.  Matt guided Nox to sit next to Mr. Austin.  Nox felt numb.  He looked at the little girl sitting in the lap of a young man with dusty brown hair and a pair of no frame glasses sitting on his nose.  She was long and thin much like Nox had been most of his life, her eyes were ice blue but her hair was the same chestnut brown as his own.  She was wearing a flowered summer dress and twirling the twin braids with her fingers.  

The man holding her turned to him with a frown, but he offered Nox his hand.  "Ethan Sheridan."

"Nox Durante."  Nox took his hand and shook firmly.  The man's eyes went wide and Nox knew his presence was unexpected.  "I didn't know before yesterday, I swear."

The courtroom was called to order and everyone stood and quieted down.  It was like every courtroom show Nox had ever seen on TV.  The judge came in wearing his gown and sat down, everyone sat down after him.  He looked to both sides and then he started in with the typical speial.  Nox tried to pay attention but he couldn't take his eyes off of his daughter as she twirled her braids between her long fingers.

Matt elbowed him softly, "Stand up."

Nox stood up with a frown.  "Sorry your Honor."

He nodded his head in acceptance.  "Are you here to claim your rights as the biological father, Mr. Durante?"

Nox shook his head.  "No sir.  I only want to stay the order so I can get to know her.  I don't want to rip her from everything she's known.  I just want the possiblity of knowing her and loving her."

"Why now Mr. Durante?"

"Because I just found out yesterday I had a daughter.  If I'd known sooner I'd have come forward sooner."  Nox offered polietly.

The judge looked to Nox's father, "Detective Hughes, I thought we were aware of the parentage of the child from the beginning?"

Alan stood and nodded, "Yes, sir.  But until recently I did not think it prudent to inform the father of his child because his life was unstable and erratic.  It was best left for the child to remain with the Sheridans."

"Has this changed?"

Nox's father nodded again.  "Yes, sir.  Nox... Mr. Durante has had a stable career for the past year, his personal life has stabilized and his relationship with one of my informants has been essentially terminated providing a more stable environment for the child to be inserted into."

The judge nodded.  "Mr. Durante.  You aren't requesting custody?"

Nox shook his head.  "No, sir.  I just want the opportunity to meet my daughter and be part of her life.  I'm a foster kid too.  I understand, and if the Sheridans wish to adopt her I can't stand in the way.  But I want to at least meet her,  tell her I'm sorry."

The judge smiled. "Sorry for what?"

"For not knowing about her.  For not caring enough about her mother to check back in with her afterwards.  Just for not being there."

The judge looked to the Sheridans sitting there.  "Mr. Sheridan, what do you say to a 20 minute recess in order to introduce Madison to her father under court supervision and yours of course."

The man looked back at Nox with a frown then back to the judge.  "If that is what the court wants."

The man stood up and banged his gavel.  "Twenty minute recess.  Mr. Durante, Mr. Sheridan if you will come with Madison to my chambers."

Nox nodded.  Matt squeezed his hand as he walked past everyone on the bench.  Nox took a deep breath and followed Mr. Sheridan and the little girl in the flowery dress to the front of the courtroom to the judges chambers.

