# Madison Jean

The judge sat at his desk and waved them all inside.  Nox ran his fingers through his bright blue fringe and shut the door behind him.  The man behind the desk motioned for everyone to sit down and he spoke softly as they did.  "Madison.  Do you know why we are here today?"

She nodded.  "So I can be adopted."

"Do you understand what's going on right now?"

The little brown haired ponytails shook as she nodded again.  "Mommy and Daddy need to get permission to really be my Mommy and Daddy."  A little finger pointed towards Nox and he frowned.  "He wants to take me away from them only because he made my jeans.  But I didn't wear any jeans today so he can't take me away."

Nox grinned at the confused little words.  "I don't want to take you away from your Mommy and Daddy.  I only wanted to meet you."  Nox folded his hands in front of him as he leaned forward on the edge of the chair.  "I didn't know the woman who made your jeans with me.  But I'd like to get to know you better."

"If you didn't know her how come you made jeans with her?"

Nox giggled at the words, he couldn't help it.  Madison frowned and stomped over to him and held her finger up into Nox's face.  "Don't laugh at me."

Nox smiled.  "I'm not laughing at you, Madison.  I love your words.  They make me smile."  Nox took her finger and pressed the tip of it to his lips and kissed it gently.  "But to answer your question, because I enjoy making jeans.  I didn't know your biological mother was going to have you.  If I had I would never have let you go into the foster care system."  Nox looked up at the judge.  "Despite what my own biological father thinks of my character.  I would have owned up to my mistake your honor.  I would have taken care of her.  I was raised better than that."

Nox turned back to Madison who was still standing in front of Nox her tiny hands still eclipsed in his own, she didn't seem concerned he held them.  He smiled at her.  "My name is Nox.  Maybe we can be friends?  Maybe I can take you to the park sometime with your Mom and Dad."  

The little girl pulled her right hand from his and offered it up with a smile.  "I'm Madison Jean.  And if you promise you won't take me away from my Mommy and Daddy forever then I can go to the park with you all by myself."

Nox smiled.  "Well, maybe the next time.  I don't think your Mommy and Daddy would be comfortable letting you go anywhere with me.  I still a stranger to them."

Madison smiled.  "But you made my jeans."

Nox giggled again.  "Yes, ma'am I did."

The judge interrupted.  "Mr. Durante."

Nox interrupted him, "Nox, please."

"Nox.  Would you sign a waiver allowing the Sheridans the necessary means to legally adopt Madison."  He continued.

Mr Sheridan stood up.  "Your honor, I don't think that is necessary.  Not right now.  Can we stay the motion for another year?  I'm sure Molly and I will both agree that Mr. Durante can see his child in that year and we can all revisit the situation then."

Nox shook his head.  "Mr. Sheridan.  I will sign the waiver now with the condition you allow me to see her.  She can be yours forever.  I know you love her.  I can't pull you and her apart even if that's what she wants in the end.  Before she falls in love, before I fall in love completely, I can't do that to you.  My mother repeated claimed me as hers and the legal system granted me back to her on every single occasion she had cleaned up.  I am not my mother, but I won't do that to Madison.  You are her father.  I only want to get to know her, to be apart of her life.  Please let me sign that paper work."

Mr. Sheridan stood up and put his hand on Nox's shoulder.  "The fact that you would do that Nox, is the very reason I won't let you."  He turned to the judge.  "One year, and we will revisit the situation."

The judge nodded. "One year.  Granted.  I will see you both in one year."

Nox sighed, but Mr. Sheridan offered his hand.  "I'm Tom.  Would you and your family like to join us for ice-cream?  We promised Madison if she behaved she could have ice-cream."

Nox looked down to Madison who nodded and took his hand and pulled.  "He says yes, Daddy."

Nox grinned.  "Yes sir, I will join you.  I'm not sure what the others will do.  Matthew is supposed to be on a plane right now."

Everyone went back into the courtroom.  Madison had  held Nox's hand up until the moment he passed through the swinging gate to take his seat for the judge to return the final statement before banging his gavel again and everyone was dismissed.

Nox leaned over and whispered to Matt.  "We are going for ice-cream, do you want to come?  Or do you have a plane to catch."

Matt smiled.  "Do you want me to come with you?"

Nox nodded. "Yes, please."

Matt laughed softly and peaked him on the check. "Nervous?"  Nox nodded and Matt pressed his forehead to the side of Nox's face.  "I'd love to join you."

Nox's father and Mr. Austin were standing at the end of the aisle talking with Mr. Sheridan.  Both were politely declining ice-cream.  Mr. Austin laughed as he patted his gut.  "I don't think my belly needs ice-cream.  Besides I have to get back to work."

Alan nodded. "I have to get back as well."

Tom looked at them and smiled.  "I'm Tom Sheridan."  

Matt offered his hand.  "Matthew Lucas."

"Daddy.  He plays Tobias on TV."  Madison whispered as she tugged on her father's hand.

Matt smiled.  "I do.  You can call me Matt. Would you like to take a picture to show all your friends?"

"Can I?"  She looked up at her dad.  "Oh Can I Daddy please?"

He nodded and Madison curled up in Matt's arms and placed a kiss on his cheek as her father snapped a picture.  Matt laughed.  "Shall we go get that ice-cream?"

Madison giggled and hopped out of Matt's arms.  "You are coming too?"

"Nox invited me."  Matt paused, "Is that alright?"

"Are you Nox's brother or something?"  Madison asked with curiousity.

Matt shook his head.  "No, he's my boyfriend."

She looked up at Nox and frowned.  "Do you make jeans with him too?"

Nox laughed.  "Yes Madison.  I told you I like to make jeans."

"He's a boy."

Nox nodded.  "Yes.  Boys wear jeans too."

She smiled up at him.  "I don't think you know what I'm talking about."

Nox knelt down and looked at the little girl wearing pigtails, "Enlighten me then Darling."

"Making jeans means having sex."  She said loudly and Nox bowed his head to hid the laugh and the blush that creapt up his neck.

He cleared his throat.  "Yes, sweetheart I know. I like both women and men."  He leaned in and whispered. "And I prefer men over women."  He leaned back and smiled at her.  "Is that going to be a problem?"

She shook her head.  "No.  I just wanted to make sure you knew what I was talking about.  You look like you might be a little confused."

Nox laughed.  "Why's that?"

She ran her fingers through his hair, "You have funny colored hair.  You are wearing makeup.  Boys aren't supposed to wear makeup."

"I'm not confused.  I like me this way.  I learned a long time ago I can't please everyone, so I please myself."

Madison smiled and ran her fingers through Nox's hair again pushing back the stray strands that had fallen to his forehead.  "I like the blue.  It matches your shirt."

Nox stood up and offered Madison his hand.  "Shall we go get ice-cream?"
