# Ice Cream

Mr. Sheridan insisted they take his car.  Matt wondered where they lived that they drove in New York City.  Very few people he knew actually drove when they lived in there full time.  Nox certainly didn't have a car.  Matt wondered if his boyfriend even knew how to drive.  That would make things difficult in LA.  Matt actually was having second thoughts about Nox coming with him.  He had a daughter here now.

Tom insisted that they call him Tom.  He actually made Nox call him that several times.  His boyfriend was just too polite at times.  It was weird knowing that he'd come from the streets.

Matt sat in the front seat and chatted with Tom while he tried to listen to the conversation Nox was having  with his daughter.  It felt funny thinking about Nox in terms of being a father.  But it really hadn't surprised him when he'd found out.  Matt was sure it had surprised Nox though, but he was taking to it like a dog to water.

"How long have you known Nox?"  Tom asked from beside him.

Matt smiled.  "We've been working together for the past 9 months or so on the TV show.  He's our lead chorographer."

"Of course he is."  The tone of Tom's voice showed that he didn't favor the fact that Nox liked men.  His profession had nothing at all to do with his sexuality.  One did not beget the other.

Matt praised his boyfriend.  "Did you know that he was a black belt in Taekwando and Aikido?"

The man took his eyes off the road to look at Matt with a frown.  "I'm not comfortable leaving my daughter alone with a known male whore."

Nox looked up from the conversation he was having with Madison and interjected.  "I have never been paid for sex in my life, Mr. Sheridan.  Please pull off on to the next exit and let us out.  I will make arrangements with social services to make time to see Madison.  I will not be insulted.  You don't know me.  And I will give you leave to make your own judgements of my character.  But I am no whore.  I would appreciate it if you let us out as soon as humanly possible."

Matt gave Nox a small frown but nodded his head in agreement.  "It would be best if you let us out."

Mr. Sheridan frowned but he didn't say anything.  He pulled off the LIE into a gas station on the side of the rode.  Matt got out and Nox was following him from the back of the car.  He knelt down so he could speak to Madison.  "Madison.  I will try to see you again.  I hope that your parents will allow you to at least get to know me before imparting their ultimate wisdom about me on to you.   Be well, little one."

Nox closed the door and he walked away from the car Matt still held the door open and listened to the conversation between father and daughter.  "Daddy, you are mean.  You tell me all the time if you can't say anything nice don't say anything at all.  You are mean.  I want to go home right now."  The little girl in the back seat crossed her arms, clamped her mouth shut and stared straight ahead.  Matt laughed to himself.

Mr. Sheridan got out of the car and started walking after Nox who was now half a block away from them.  He wondered if Nox knew he wasn't with him at the moment.  Matt sat back in the front seat and smiled past the car seat.  "I'll stay here with you while your Dad has a word with Nox."

Madison looked up at Matt and smiled.  "Why does Mr. Nox call you Matthew, is he not your friend?  You let me call you Matt."

Matt grinned.  "Nox likes to say my full name because no one else does.  I love when he calls me Matthew.  It's special when he says it."

"Most people call me Maddy.  When he calls me Madison is he telling me I'm special too."  She asked.

Matt nodded.  "Most definitely.  Nox  likes to be different. As you can tell from the make up and the hair.  He paints his fingernails too.  They usually match his hair."

"Why don't they today?"

"He changed the color today just because I wanted him to wear the blue shirt he's wearing.  He didn't have time to change his fingernail color before we left."

"Why does he wear make up?"

Matt shrugged.  "I don't know.  He looks good in it though.  Don't you think?"

Madison giggled and ducked her head. "Yes.  His eyes are so pretty."

Matt smiled.  "You have his pretty eye lashes.  So pretty on a girl like you.  You have his hair too.  You just can't tell cause he dyes it all black."

"Really?"

Matt nodded. "Really.  Maybe we can all go for ice-cream some other time.  Your dad is on his way back to the car.  I think I'd better go make sure Nox is okay."

Madison nodded.  "Matt.  Tell him I hope he can come to my birthday party this weekend."

Matt nodded.  "I will ask your dad and let Nox know alright?"

Madison nodded.  "Okay."

Matt shut the door to the car when Mr. Sheridan got close enough not to yell.  "Madison invited Nox to her birthday party this weekend.  I'm sure he'd love to come if you would allow it."

Mr. Sheridan nodded.  "Yes of course.  I need to apologize to you for my behavior.  He doesn't want to hear it right now and I don't blame him.  But if you can talk him into coming then you are invited."  He opened the car door and pulled out a pen and paper from the center console and jotted down the information.  "Our address and phone number and date and time for the party.  Madison's theme to her party is horses.  It is her current favorite thing in the world."

Matt nodded.  "Okay.  I appreciate it.  I will make sure he is available that day.  He will be there I will ensure it."

Matt folded the paper and walked over to where Nox stood and smiled at him.  "You okay?"

Nox nodded.  "Yeah.  What did he say?"

"He apologized for behing an ass.  And Madison invited you to her birthday party this weekend."

Nox frowned.  "That means I have to stay here and not go with you to LA.  I made a promise Matthew."

Matt put his arm around Nox's waist and turned him towards the gas station building.  "Nox.  You can't go to LA you have a daughter.  You only have a year to impress them enough to let you keep seeing her.  A month in LA will make things harder."

"But…"

Matt put a finger to his lips as he pulled him to face him in the middle of the parking lot.  "Nox.  We aren't me and Tiffany.  We can survive.  Besides.  We'll buy an apartment together - one we both agree on, here in New York.  My parents will love you for getting me back home.  And I'll call you every chance I get."

Nox sighed.  "You sure?  Wait, you want to move in together."

Matt nodded.  "You've been practically staying with me all week.  When we were working before I was practically living at your place.  It makes sense.  We can have our own rooms.  I think that would be a good idea anyway.  Someplace we both can go to cool down.  Maybe a room to share that is our bedroom, with our own personal space in another room.  You could have a dance studio."

Nox grinned.  "Oh alright.  I guess so."  He laughed and Matt couldn't help but smile as Nox continued, "We'll need a spare room for Madison too, just in case."

Matt nodded.  "Of course."'

Nox looked at the sign on the window of the store.  "Want an ice-cream cone?  I was kinda in the mood for one."

Matt laughed.  "Alright."

