# New Apartment

Ice-cream had been a complete and utter failure.  Tom Sheridan was homophobic and he didn't want his daughter to be left alone with Nox.  Nox had to leave and to say his piece.  Maybe one day he'd actually get to see his daughter.  He held the slip of paper with his daughters address and the invite to her birthday party in his jeans pocket.  He hadn't let it go, much the same as the note Matt had given him when he said he wanted to be with him.  It was the little things that mattered.  

Nox remembered when his foster sister gave him his first Valentines day card.  He still had it in a box where these would eventually go.  He'd carried the card around for two years before Mrs. Austin bought him the box to put everything in.

There wasn't much in there, but he kept them all safe in the box.  All the pieces of paper that meant someone loved him.  They had had ice-cream - he and Matt.  A store bought cone that they ate while they walked back to New York.  They eventually called a cab to take them home when Matt's feet started hurting.  Walking in dress shoes  was not ideal even is as good as shape as they both were.

That evening Matt was looking at apartments.  He found a four bedroom flat in Park Slope that they could buy for a little over 2 million.  The thought of spending that much money on a flat made Nox a bit nervous.  But they had the money to out and out buy it without a mortgage.  Matt smiled at him.  "I'll pay half.  You pay half. If we break up one of us can buy the other out."

Nox could only nod his head.  It was a sweet little place.  The next day they had contacted the realtor and had written two checks and they were the proud owners of their very own apartment.  As with anywhere there were plenty of subway stations with in walking distance it was perfect.  

By Friday they and moved both of their apartments to the new one.  With the help of both their families and Jon.  He decided he wanted to be the first one to crash on the couch.  The apartment was still bare bones but they had enough to actually entertain with between the two of them but everyone left after helping to move them in, so it wa just the two of them on a Friday night lounging in bed.

Nox leaned over and smiled at Matt.  "When are you going back to LA?"

Matt smiled up at him.  "I'm not.  Well not permanently.  I'm gonna go back next week pack up my stuff and have it sent to a storage unit - what I don't need here anyway."

Nox frowned.  "What about your project?"

Matt leaned up and placed a gentle kiss against Nox's lips and pulled him down as he laid down again.  Nox adjusted so he could kiss his boyfriend from the new angle sliding his body against Matt's underneath the covers.  Matt smiled as he nuzzled his nose against Nox's.  "We made a few changes and we will film here in New York next month."

Nox leaned down and kissed Matt.  "All cause I have a daughter?"

Matt shook his head. "No it's what I should have done in the first place.  You'd never like where I lived in LA.  I wasn't close to public transportation.  You'd need to drive and you'd be without Anna or any of your friends.  I have friends everywhere.  You not so much."  Matt grinned mischeiviously up at Nox and he couldn't help but smile.

"Thank you.  You are coming with me tomorrow aren't you?"  Nox asked.

"Of course.  I'm not going to miss a single party.  Horses, who wouldn't miss that?"  Matt said playfully.  "I picked up a horse farm on my way home yesterday."

"You picked it up?"  Nox grinned down at him.

"Yeah, it's a play set.  Not the real thing.  Yeah.  Let's spend our famously earned money on on a horse farm and give it to a little girl we just met.  That's not trying to buy her love."  Matt grinned.

"I..."  Nox got up and walked across their room naked.  He could feel Matt's eyes following him as he knelt down to pull a brochure from his pocket.  "I got her riding lessons.  I figured she's out in Brooklyn, there aren't many horses around.  If her parents can't take her I can.  Or Megan could.  Megan would love to go riding again.  Too much?"

Matt shook his head.  "You didn't buy her a real horse?  You are such a horrible father."  Matt laughed and crawled out of bed.  Nox watched the lithe movements of his lover as he walked naked to him and wrapped his arms around him.  "It's perfect.  I think that she'll love it.  Even if she only goes once."

Nox nodded.  "I thought so too."  Nox brushed his lips against the morning stubble on Matt's chin up his jaw to his ear and whispered. "Want to make jeans together?"

****

Matt laughed as he tugged Nox with him as he walked backwards.  The edge of the bed hit his legs and Matt sat down pulling his lover down on top of him.  "Always."

Sex with Nox always pushed Matt's limits to new levels - not in a bad way.  Matt loved Nox's take on sex.  He was always the center of Nox's attention.  Always.  When Matt went down on Nox or took control it was because Matt wanted to, Nox was fine with whatever Matt wanted.  And sometimes that was were they fought.  Not during sex of course, they were both too preoccupied with the carnal act that the arguing only started after they were lying in bed.  It was always the same argument.  Matt pulled Nox in close and placed a lingering heated kisses on his lovers stomach.  "Why don't you have fantasies, Nox? I want to fulfill yours too."

Nox sighed.  "You already filled my fantasy, Matthew."  He pulled Matt's chin up his body with a gentle finger and placed his lips on Matt's before sucking gently on his lower lip eliciting a soft moan from Matt. "I only want you."

Matt sighed and kissed Nox. "There is nothing I can do in bed to make it better for you?"

Nox laughed, "Do I look unsatisfied Matthew?"

Matt shook his head.  "No, but I'm a guy.  I want to take care of you.  I can't help it."

Nox frowned. "You do, Matthew.  Every day.  Every night.  You are here.  You wanted me.  You chose me.  Hell, you asked me to move in with you.  You wanted me to come to LA with you.  My fantasy is to be wanted and loved.  You do that for me every day.  This."  Nox waved his hands around them and the bed and Matt rolled his eyes in response.  "This is icing on the cake for me."

Matt sighed and pulled away from his lover's embrace and sat up facing Nox with his legs crossed between them.  "Fine.  I'll try it a different way.  Tell me one thing we've not done yet that you want to do with me in bed."

Nox grinned up at Matt with a look Matt was sure he was going to regret later.  "I can think of several things I'd like to do with you that we've not done yet but they aren't in bed."

Matt quirked an eyebrow up a little worried.  "Go on..."

Nox sat up and leaned on his elbows behind him.  Matt admired the long length of his lover's body.  The way the muscles moved made Matt weak.  He'd never have thought in a million years that he'd actually be turned on by a man's naked body, but here he was drooling over the man before him.  When Matt's eyes returned to Nox's face his lover was smirking back at him waiting for him to finish admiring his naked body.  Matt could feel the blood rushing to his ears and neck.  Matt whispered, "Busted."

Nox smiled at him.  "I'd like to have sex with you in every room in our apartment.  Not all at once.  And I mean every room."

"Even the laundry closet."

Nox grinned.  "Especially the laundry closet."  Nox flopped back against the bed.  "I like when you look at me like that."

"When I'm leering at you, being a pervert and thinking about all the things I want to do to your amazing body?"

"Yes to all of that.  I love when you leer at me.  I'm glad you are a pervert.  And I'm truly glad you think my body is amazing and you want to do things to me.  You've come a long way."

Matt laughed. "I was just thinking the same thing."

Nox sat up and kissed Matt with a fierceness he'd not show in a while.  Nox nearly growled as he whispered.  "Fuck me, Matthew."

Matt's eyes rolled up into the back of his head before he obliged his lover and took him exactly as he wanted to be taken.