# Birthday Party

Saturday rolled around and Nox barely noticed with all the things they had going on that week.  Matt had disappeared to LA for a few days and he had landed late last night in order to go to Madison's birthday party with him.  They had to travel to Brooklyn and Matt still needed to wake up.  They might actually be wake if Nox didn't take action soon.

His boyfriend was lying in bed curled up around Nox's pillow.  He was holding it tight with his face buried in it.  It was probably one of the cutest things he'd seen in a while.  Matt had missed him, and Nox had missed him more.  The place was too big for him all by hisself.  He was used to staying alone in a one room studio apartment.  Having a living room and a kitchen separate from his  bedroom was a novelty.  Have three other additional rooms was another story completely.  Though Nox had started designing his dance studio in the large of the two rooms as Matt had requested.  Matt would take the smaller one for his own personal space.  Nox had no idea what Matt wanted to do with it but he said he'd figure it out.

There was a room away from the rest that was going to be set aside for Madison's room.  Nox had visions of pink and horses but right now it was empty.  Maybe after the birthday party he'd think about it more.  He didn't want to presume anything.  He would sign the paperwork necessary.  Nox had a feeling that Mr. Sheridan was never going to actually like him, but it was nothing Nox wasn't used to.  He seemed to like Matt well enough.

Nox sat down on their bed on Matt's side and leaned down and kissed his lovers cheek as he pulled the pillow from his grasp.

Matt hugged it tighter making it difficult to pull but not enough so that Nox had to struggle too much.  Matt rolled with the pillow and blinked his eyes up at Nox with a wry grin.  "I'm sleeping with that."

"I know.  But it's time to get you up and going.  We need to leave soon."  Nox kissed his boyfriend on the lips.  "As much as I'd love to ravish your body.  It's time to get moving."

Matt laughed as he sat up and crawled across the bed.  "So what am I wearing today?  Jeans?  or am I to be the good looking actor?"

Nox grinned. "I think you need to be Matthew Lucas and not Nox's boyfriend."

Matt pouted.  "I can't be both?"

"You are both."  Nox smiled.  "I just think the actor needs to show Madison's friends how popular she is."

"Ah."  Matt pulled out a pair of black jeans from the dresser drawer he had clained were his.  Nox had his own set of drawers in the same buerau.  "And how popular Nox is? maybe?"

Nox laughed. "Maybe."

Matt had pulled together his sapphire blue shirt that he had stole from Nox so long ago with the  black jeans.  He topped it off with a pair of Nox's sunglasses.

Nox had opted for blue jeans and an orange button down over a black t-shirt.  His nails and his hair matched the orange.  Matt watched as Nox finished his look with thick eye liner.  

Matt commented, "Your jeans are too tight, so is the t-shirt.  I love it, but really?"

Nox could only grin.  "He wants to make a big deal about my sexuality - I'll make a big deal out of it."  Nox finished off the look with a pair of black leather boots and a leather jacket and sunglasses.

Matt kissed him deep. "God you look good."

"So do you.  Shall we go make a little girls day?"

They took the train to Brooklyn, and got a cab from the closest stop to their house.  It was a small house in a nice neighborhood.  It was a duplex condo type brownstone.  Two floors.  Nox knocked on the old fashioned knocker with a grin and two fingers on the knocker.  "Quaint."

A small woman answered the door.  She looked over Matt first with a curious look and then sudden awareness of who he was.  Her gaze diverted to Nox with his orange hair and smiled softly.  "You must be Nox.  I'm Molly.  Madison hasn't stopped talking about you."

"Really?"  Nox sounded surprised.

"Yes.  Please come in.  Madison says she meant her genes father and he likes pretty things."

Nox laughed.  "She said that."

Molly blushed.  "Not in those words."

"Let me guess.  She said I liked boys and makeup."

"Pretty much."  She smiled.  "And I see she was right."

Matt asked, "Is our being here going to cause problems?"

"Heavens no.  Madison told me what happened in the car.  Tom confirmed it.  He said he wouldn't pass judgement until he got to know you better."

Nox frowned.  "Getting to know me better isn't going to change the fact that I like men, or that I'm with Matthew."

"Tom knows this.  He said he didn't mean to make it a big deal.  You obviously like women too or you'd not be in this situation at all.  He may beleive it's just a phase.  But I don't harbor those feelings.  Madison deserves to know her father.  She will never get to know her mother.  I love her with all my heart and I'm sure you will too."

"Mrs. Sheridan, I want you to know I have intentions of taking her away from you.  I only want the chance to get to know her."  Nox said with a smile.

"Molly.  And yes, Nox.  I am aware of that.  Tom informed me that you wanted to sign all the paperwork so we could adopt her.  But I think we can all come to some agreement.  Provided that's what Madison wants."

Nox smiled and handed Molly the present. "I bought Madison horse riding lessons out in the Hamptons.  I will take her if you can't.  If you don't want me to do that my foster sister is a Certified babysitter and she would love to do it if you can't make it."

"She will love it.  You didn't have to.  We can make arrangement as the time grows near.  Thank you for telling me.  But this is aweful big box for that."

Nox laughed.  "Matthew also bought a horse ranch."

Molly laughed. "A whole ranch eh?"

Nox grinned.  "Yes, ma'am.  He didn't want to skimp on the little girl.  She is one of his biggest fans after all."

Molly rolled her eyes.  "It's all we've watched since she met Matt."  She started towards the backyard, "Follow me, we were just getting started."

Nox and Matt followed Molly to the back yard.  Nox looked around as he did getting his bearings and seeing all the pictures of Madison everywhere.  This was truly her family - he could never take her from it.

Outside was  a small back yard, but it was decorated with horses everywere.  There was also even a kid in a horse costume giving horse back rides.  It was cute to say the least.  The cake was under a net tent and you could clearly see the horse motif.  She really was into horses.

Madison was busy with another little girl in the sandbox playing with a few plastic horses.  Matt took a seat in the shade and Nox walked over to where Madison and the little girl played.  Nox watched until Madison looked up.  A wide grin formed on her face and she flung herself around Nox's legs.  "I knew you'd come."  She pulled Nox down on to the edge of the sandbox.  "Ginny, this is Nox.  He's my new best friend."

Ginny looked up from the horse and smiled.  "You look funny."

Nox laughed.  "Thank you.  It was the look I was going for."

Ginny and Madision giggled.  Madison ran her fingers through Nox's hair.  "I like the orange.  You match all over."

Nox wiggled his fingers at Madison.  "See told you it could all match."

Ginny asked."Do you want to play with us?"

"I don't think I want to get dirty."

Ginny giggled.  "You are a weine."  She tossed sand in Nox's general direction.

"I don't think we should throw sand."  Nox grinned.  "If you want to throw things let's go get some balloons."

"Ooooh."  Ginny giggled.  She got up and ran towards the ballons and Madison got up slowly dusting herself off.  

"You can't throw balloons real well."  Madison said calmly.  "But we can play keep off the ground."

"Whatever you want, darling."

"Can Matt play too?"  Madison asked.

"You can ask him."  Madison ran over to where Matt was sitting and hugged him tightly before she started chatting away with him.  Nox wished he could be a fly on that wall.

Madison pulled Matt up and they walked towards them and the balloons.  "He doesn't want to play, Nox."

Nox looked at Matt with a grin.  "Come play with us, Matthew."

Matt's mouth quirked into a grin but he said nothing as he pursed his lips trying not to show how much Nox's words had tempted him.  Nox's smiled grew wider and Matt nodded slowly.  "You owe me."

Nox smiled, "Whatever you want, Matthew."

Matt laughed softly and wrapped his arm around Nox's waist and whispered, "You may regret that."

Nox kissed his boyfriends cheek.  "Never."

Madison hit a balloon in Nox's general direction and Nox had to reach for it above his head or it would float into a tree branch and likely pop.  Nox batted it down back at Madison as a pair more balloons bounced in his direction.  

Before they had finished the little game three other children had joined them and Matt had snuck away under the guise of getting him and Nox a drink.  Nox saw he'd been cornered by an older woman wearing tight revealing clothes that only accentuated how old she really was.  Matt was polietly talking to her and Nox grinned at him as Matt begged him to help.

Nox leaned down and whispered to Madison.  "I'm going to go help Matthew.  Ricky's mom looks like she wants to eat him alive."

Madison giggled.  "She watches Matt's show too."

Nox nodded knowingly then walked over to his boyfriend and plucked a cup from his hand.  He then draped an arm over Matthew's shoulder and leaned in to whisper softly in his ear, but he spoke so the woman could hear him.  "I leave you alone for ten seconds and you get yourself into all sorts of  trouble, Matthew."

Matt turned with an astonished look on his face.  "This is hardly trouble.  I'm not the one whose off gallivanting with women three times his junior."

Nox couldn't help the smile that splayed across his lips.  "At least my girl..."  A song started playing on the sound system that inspired Nox.  "Let's dance."  Matt sputtered as Nox yanked him to the middle of the yard. "Madison, bring your friends."

Matt looked at him curiously.  "Not what I expected of that sentence."

Nox grinned as he stood next to Matt.  "Follow me."  Matt nodded and Nox started a very simple choreographed set of dance steps set to an ordinary song.

By the time the song was over all the children and Matt had gotten the moves down.  Ginny hugged Nox's legs.  "Can you do ballet?  I'm a ballerina."

Nox knelt down and smiled.  "Are you?  What part have you played."

"I was a swan in Swan Lake.  It was a little part."

Nox grinned.  "Do you know the steps to the big part?"

Ginny nodded. "Yes, I just wasn't good enough."

"We can all be swans."  Madison giggled.   "My daddy won't let me go to dance.  Says it's too expensive."

Nox nodded.  "It can be.  My foster parents paid a lot of money so I could learn to dance when I first came to them.  It was the only thing that made me happy then."

Madison smiled.  "Maybe my daddy will let you teach me."

Nox grinned.  "I'd like that.  We'll talk with your parents later okay?  Let's all be swans now.  Ginny if you want you can be the main dancer."

"But I don't have a partner."  Nox looked over to Matt.

Matt shook his head.  "No.  That's where I draw the line.  I don't know the part Nox."

Nox grinned.  "I do.  If I show you the steps for the rest will you help them."  

Matt visibly relaxed.  "As long as I don't have to do it too."

Nox shook his head.  "No just help them."

Matt nodded and Nox danced the small swan parts for the kids who wanted.  He sat and helped them for a while and when Nox was done Matt took over.  Nox pulled out his phone and found the song they were going to dance to and set it to playing.  Ginny took her position and Nox his and everyone danced.  There were little boys doing girl parts and little girls dancing around who had never danced in their life.  But everyone was doing  a fine job of it.

When the song ended everyone was grinning madly including Matt who was sitting in the shade on the grass watching the small performance.  Molly called out, "How about we do the cake now?"

All the kids ran towards the cake and Nox sat down in the grass next to Matt.  "Thanks, Matthew."

"I love watching you move like that.  Sometimes I forget you can be elegant."  Matt whispered, "I think the women that were looking at me because I was Matthew Lucas, just turned their gaze to you.  I mean what woman ,or man, isn't going to want someone as flexible as you are."  The slight red on Matt's neck and ears was a telling sign, but that was the extent of his embarrasment.

Nox smiled.  "We'll they can look all they want, Matthew.  Only you get to touch."

Matt laughed.  They sang Happy Birthday and the cake was cut.  Madison brought Nox and Matt a piece of cake each and when everyone else had some Madison and Ginny and three other children joined them in a circle on the grass in the shade.  Nox joined in on the childish chatter.  The dance.  The party, even about Matt's show.  All five of the children were surprised when Matt informed them Nox had taught Matt all of those moves he did on the screen.  His jumping from trees to the actual fight scenes.  Ricky asked, "You can do martial arts too?"

Nox nodded.  "Yeah.  I have a black belt in Tae kwan do and Aikido"

"Can you teach it?" Ginny asked enthusastically.

Nox shook his head.  "I'm not qualified to teach it.  I can teach you a set of movements based on those martial arts, but I can't teach you either."

All the children were called to gather around for presents.  Matt curled up in Nox's lap as they sat against the tree and watched Madison open her presents.  Nox remembered birthday parties as an older child, they never consisted of more than his foster family.  And before that there was nothing.  Madison was in the best place.  He knew this without a doubt.  What kinda life could he truly give her.  Matt squeezed Nox's arms around him and whispered.  "It's all going to be okay love.  She likes you.  Her family is nice.  It'll be fine I promise."

Nox hugged Matt and they sat together as the party wound down.  

