# After Party

Nox and Matt stuck around to help clean up.  Eventually everyone else had left.  Matt watched from inside the kitchen window as Nox cleaned up outside.  Matt was sipping wine while Tom was putting together some of Madison's new toys and Molly was in the kitchen washing dishes.  She smiled through the window, "He doesn't have to do that."

Matt laughed.  "Yes he does.  It's an organizational thing.  Everything has its place and should be put back.  It is hard to get used to."

"How long have you two been together?"  Molly asked.  "I don't mean to pry."

"It's alright.  We've been together on and off for a year.  We just moved in together."  Matt confided, "We were staying at each other's places anyway so when we decided to stay in New York we figured it was better than paying rent for two places."

Molly dried her hands on the dish towel and turned around.  "He did really well today with the kids."

Matt nodded.  "Yes ma'am.  He teaches a dance class to the low income kids for free down at one of the rec centers.  It started as a community service project in college and he keeps doing it now.  He has a soft spot for kids - and the less privileged ones dig a lot deeper being that he was one."

"I thought he was with the Austins?  Aren't they made of money."  Molly snickered and covered her mouth at the gossip, "I'm sorry that was wrong of me."

Matt grinned.  "Yeah, he been with them since he was 10.  But he identifies as being much lower on the totem pole.  Until he moved in with me he'd been staying in a studio apartment above a bar.  He can afford more, but he likes his life simple."

"He forked over a fortune for the lessons!"  Molly exclaimed.  "That's not a simple life."

Matt laughed.  "Our first real public date he dropped a couple hundred dollars on the table even though our meal was much less than that.  He spends his money on everyone else but him.  He's simple.  Which makes it easy for me since I can pretty much buy him anything and he won't have it."

Molly nodded.  "I can't imagine not using the money I have for a better life."

"You didn't grow up poor.  No offense.  Every month Nox goes home and delivers cash to his mother for his brothers and sisters.  He doesn't know if they see a dime of it.  But it's the best he can do.  They live in a shit hole.  His step father is dead now so they have even less income than they did when he was in jail.  He feels it's his responsibility."

"And he's a neat freak.  How do you live with him?"  Molly grinned as she watched through the window as Nox finished putting things away.

"It's easy to live with him, as long as you don't mind him picking up after you."

"Madison will have issues.  She has her father's sense of placement - on the floor is best."  Molly smiled.

"She'll get used to it.  I know I did.  Anna says that she will miss him, he'd pick up around the bar too.  He can't stand things out of place.  Anna once told me a story about how she would purposefully move something in his apartment until it drove him crazy.  She'll have to tell you sometime."

Molly asked, "Who's Anna?"

"His best friend, and former land lord."  Matt smiled.  

"We will be having a house warming party in a few weeks.  Why don't the three of you come.  You can see our place.  Meet his family and mine, meet Anna, and there will be no pressure."  Matt smiled.  "I'll have Megan send you an invitation - since its her gig."

Nox walked in to the kitchen asking, "What's who's gig?"

Molly answered with a smile and handed Nox a glass of wine, "Matt was just inviting us to the house warming party."

"Ah."  Nox took the wine and sipped it before setting it down on the counter next to Matt.  "Megan's thing.  Please come.  Everyone would like to meet you.  Maybe you can shed some advice on what Madison might want in her room."

"I think Madison would like to decorate her own room with you two.  Knowing it's hers and she has a hand in decorating it."  Molly smiled at Nox.  "I'm glad to know you are taking this seriously.  I was afraid that you'd be a dead beat dad who only wanted to have the added income like so many foster families."

Nox smiled and Matt could see the sadness in his eyes.  "I don't want to take her from you."

Molly nodded. "I know.  I appreciate that.  I'm happy to share her with you.  There can never be too much family."

Nox smiled. "I agree."

Tom never joined the trio in the kitchen, however Madison did.  She hoped up onto a bar stool and took a sip of Nox's wine with a frown from her biological father.  "You do that often?"

She looked up at him with a cutesy smile, "Do what?"

"Drink wine?"

Madison's mouth formed a small o.  "No sir."

Nox took Matt's glass and poured his wine into it.  Nox rinsed the cup in the sink and used the water dispenser in the fridge.  She was still staring after him with a curious look.  "I thought you'd get mad if I drank from your cup."

"I'm only concerned you drank wine from my cup."  Nox pushed the wine glass towards her, "You can drink from my cup all you like as long as it's not wine."

Molly added, "Or any alcohol for that matter."  

Matt laughed, "We only have wine in the house, and Nox rarely drinks it.  It really is a non-issue."

"I wanted to see what you would do.  I'm sorry I drank something I wasn't supposed to."  The look she gave her mother was the apology she needed, Matt watched Nox with his small knowing grin.  He was testing his boundaries.  Testing to see what he'd do.

"Mom."  Madison turned to her mother.  "Can I spend the night with Nox and Matt?"

Her eyes quirked up in question as she looked at her daughter.  "I don't think they are ready for you to spend the night yet."

Madison frowned, "I'll sleep on the couch."  She turned to Nox.  "You have a couch right?"

Matt answered instead as Nox was looking at him for an answer.  "We have an extra bed.  It's not in her room at the moment, but we have one.  If you are okay with that, I think it's fine.  If Nox is okay with it?"

"It's fine with me."  He said slowly watching Madison's face light up.

She turned back to her mother with a bright smile, "Oh please, Mom.  Please."

She nodded, "But you need to ask your father if it's okay first."

Madison hopped of the stool.  "Yes, ma'am."  She skipped out of the kitchen and ran up the stairs with loud thumps.  They heard her yelling, "Daddy!"

Molly looked to Nox, "You sure it's okay?"

Nox shrugged.  "Matthew said he's okay with it."

Molly smiled.  "I know what Matt said, are you okay with it."

Nox was pale and afraid but he nodded his head.  "I'm fine."

Matt wrapped his arm around his boyfriend.  "He's fine.  It just caught him off guard.  Change does that."

Molly grinned knowingly.  "She isn't going to be interrupting something is she."

Matt blushed but Nox chuckled as he answered.  "No, ma'am.  Well, maybe a little, but we'll adjust our plans."

Matt punched Nox in the shoulder and watched as his boyfriend rubbed his arm with a grin.  "We'll be fine.  It's not like it's my first night back anyway."

Tom came into the kitchen then, "Back from where?"  He was carrying a backpack and a little girl was dangling from his elbow.

"I just got back from LA.  A few things to take care of before I make New York my permanent address." 

Tom handed Matt the bag and lifted the little girl up and dropped her into Nox's lap.  "She's all yours for the night.  It's alright if she misses Church this week.  But no more Sunday's do you understand me Madison?"

Madison nodded, "Yes sir."  She curled around Nox's neck and Nox's arms instinctively wrapped around her.  "Show me your house, please."

Nox smiled. "Yes ma'am.  But we have to ride the train first."

She smiled. "I never get to ride the train."

Matt laughed.  "You will with Nox - a lot."