# No Sleep

It wasn't too late when Tom dropped them off at the train station.  Nox was more than happy taking a cab but he was trying to make up for his prior interaction.  He even spoke softly to Nox about what he did for a living.  Nox hadn't know that Tom and his biological father and his foster father were all friends, and while Alan and his father moved on to bigger and better things, Tom still worked for the paper and he was now one of the top editors of the New York Times.  

The things Nox hadn't know about his parents were quickly adding up.  He might have to rectify that.  

Matt took Madison into the train station to get her a metro card so travel was easier for them with three cards.  Tom stopped Nox  as the pair walked inside.  "Nox.  I'm sorry.  Truly.  I have no reason to judge you."

Nox shook his head.  "Sir.  It's alright.  I understand better now where you are coming from.  Religion still doesn't accept me and my lifestyle.  And I'm far more open about it than most - even Matthew is more low key."

Tom nodded.  "I am still sorry.  I will teach our daughter better tolerance even if the church is behind the times.  There is no need to fear that I will taint her against you and Matt."

"Thank you.  I need to go or we'll miss the next train."

Tom nodded and offered his hand.  "We will see you tomorrow."

Nox walked inside to the station and felt the cool recylcled air.  Matt and Madison were waiting by the turn style for him.  Madison was perched on the turnstyle box and Matt was holding her with his back to the entrance and they were chatting softly to each other.  

Nox held up a finger as he snuck up on Matt wrapping his arms around his boyfriend from behind and kissing his neck.  Madison giggled as Matt bit back a groan.  "Be nice."

"I thought I was being nice."  Nox whispered smoothly in Matt's ear.

Nox swipied his card and walked through the turnstyle and Matt handed Madison over to Nox and swiped both cards before stepping through.

The ride from Brookly to Manhattan was longer than their usual ride, but Madison chatted the whole way.  She talked pretty much non-stop the whole way.  Nox didn't mind as Matt curled up against his side as his own armd pulled him close.  Madison sat in Nox's lap with her feet resting in Matt's.  It was probably the most family like picture Nox had ever been apart of as Matt snapped a selfie and posted it to his instagram with the caption, "Me and my biggest fans."

He showed Madison the picture and she cooed over it.  Said all her friends would be so jealous.  Matt smiled.  "Maybe I'll call Jon and Evelyn and see if they can show up before you go home tomorrow."

The light on her face was priceless.  She grinned at Matt.  "Did you like kissing Jon?"

Matt laughed.  "He tasted like blood - like all the time.  I can't imagine how people like kissing vampires."

Madison giggled and she went on to a triad about the show and the books - which her father was reading to her at bed time.  Nox didn't think that was a great idea but he knew her better than he did so he'd not say anything.  The Victorian Hunter series was not exactly child friendly.

By the time they had reached their stop Nox had drifted off into space and Matt had to tap his shoulder to wake him up before the train stopped to let them off.

Madison giggled again "Can you sleep anywhere?"

Nox smiled. "Not usually.  I was just tired.  I had a bunch of holligan's dancing me ragged earlier today."

Nox picked her up as they left the train car and up on to the street.  Nox went to set her down but she clung to his neck.  "Mommy and Daddy say I'm to big to be carried.  But you can carry me - they aren't here."

Nox shifted her to the other side so he could make room for Matthew under his other arm.  "I like this."

Matt grinned.  "I know babe.  I know."

The walk to their apartment was short and once inside Madison skipped off to check every nook and cranny.  Matt looked at Nox with a grin, "You didn't leave anything out did you?"

Nox shook his head. "No.  I don't think so but I'll go check anyway."    Nox went off into their bedroom and checked for any non-child friendly implements.  Thankfully there were none as Madison had followed him in.  

"I like your room.  It's pretty."

Nox laughed.  "I don't think Matthew would like that - these are mostly his things."

"They are very manly.  I like the steel gray colors.  It's one of my favorite colors."

Nox asked, "Would you like to see your room?"

She giggled and nodded furiously. "Come one then."  Nox picked her up and tossed her over his should and walked back to the other side of the apartment.  "Your room is way over here.  So you can sleep without mine and Matthew's noise.  We come home late at times."

"Can my room be grey too?"

Matt stepped inside too.  "If that's what you want.  Grey with pink highlights.  I like it."

Madison smiled. "Daddy painted my room pink when I was a baby.  I think it's too girly."

"What would you rather have?"  Nox asked.

"Grey with pink highlights is pretty.  I like it."  Madison squirmed down to the floor and pointed at the walls, "Maybe pokadots on this wall.  I can put pictures of my family in each one."

Nox smiled.  "That sounds like a good idea to me."


