**** Martin ****

The girl had returned from Siberia with some information, and it made Borovsky want to test her more.  Put her against a god, it was not on her list of tasks she'd done before, but yet the Regus had assigned her not to give her a chance, but because she was expendible.  Martin wasn't quite so entrusting of her.  Wasting time was not something he wanted to do.   The less time he wasted on the girl monster the better off he'd feel.

He hated doing it, but he had called a friend, a man he trusted completely, to watch this girl and take her out hunting a god since he couldn't do it himself.  He had one in mind.  There was a man he was said to preform healings down in the underground.  A cult was forming around him, something like Jesus Come Again.  He needed to be erradiated.  

Martin had chosen Dorian because Dorian was a good man despite his preferences.  He was good to his wife and son, and more than a friend to Borovsky, almost a brother.  He'd brought Dorian in the fold after a bout with a monster.  Martin trusted Dorian with his life.  Dorian would see that the truth was learned about this girl monster and her friends and tell him whole heartedly what happened.  He could trust the man to be his eyes and ears.

As if his thoughts summoned him, Dorian appeared in the open door way.  "Come in, Dorian.  Have a seat, we've a mission to discuss."

Dorian sat down in the chair across from Martin's desk rearranging his suit jacket and adjusting the blue slacks he wore as if they were worth what he was.  His father was well off, he'd done right by his father, married a pretty young girl, had a son to inherit the Vega throne and his father left him be.  Martin never understood Dorian's need to please his father as he had, but he also wasn't the son of a multi-billion dollar tech mogule either.

The man's voice was sounded with a crisp Spanaish accent though he had never heard Dorian speak a word of his native tongue, "A mission, do tell!"

He was nearly as excited about hunting gods as Martin was.  A testemant to their brotherhood.  He was truly a good man.  "You probably won't like the wretch I'm assigning you work with, but I need a good trustworthy man to follow my new charge into battle.  A god is in need of erradication, and while I know you are fully capable of the job yourself, I need her mettle tested."

**** Dorian ****

Summons, they were always a pain in the rear.  But Martin Borovsky had summoned him to his new prestigious office.  It was far grander than his last set in some backwater hallway out of the way, so no one would know that Martin Borovsky was High Inquisitor of the Atharim.  Be it as it may Dorian knew who High Inquisitor was.  He'd known the day Martin had taken the seat.  They'd shared a drink together, more than one if he recalled the night exactly, which he could barely do anyway.  He was sure there were ladies involved but he couldn't be bothered to remembered if they'd gone home with Borovsky or not.  They didn't follow him home he was sure of that much.  He'd remember waking up to a girl beside him.  He was never that drunk to forget he liked his prey a little more manly.  Thankfully that never bothere Borovsky and most anyone Dorian had worked with since joining the Atharim.

But his friend called so Dorian entertained him.  He came, Metatron they called him now.  He came to the open door and Martin beckoned him in to tell him of a job and a girl.  Dorian's eyebrow quirked up in surprise.  "A her?  This would be the little wolf you had dangling at your every word after the convocation.  A sheep to follow.  I doubt she has any mettle to test, so small despite her training."

Martin laughed, it was a hearty laugh, one that filled his office with myrth, it had been a good while since Martin had been seen laughing, the world was such a dark place now, Dorian was happy to provide humor at any given moment, but he didn't understand what his friend found so entertaining.  Martin sputtered through laughs, "That little wolf you speak of has killed an Ijiraq alone.  A dranaika acredited to her tally - alone, though I will believe her when she claims to not have killed that one.  She's stumbled upon monsters galore in the basements of Moscow.  She is also a monster herself.  And she was not dangling on my every word."

That caught Dorian's attention.  A monster herself?  He sat at the edge of his seat, "Do tell," he whisper as if it were some secret to divuldge between friends 

**** Martin ****

Dorian thought the girl was an admirer, maybe she had been.  But dangling was not the word he would have used, respectful perhaps.  But dangling?  That whisp of a girl was just that no matter what her age dictated.  Niave didn't even begin to cover what that girl was.  But Dorian lost interest in the dangling as soon as he called her a monster.  He was attentive now, not that he hadn't been before.  Martin knew the man was far more perceptive than anyone gave him credit for, particularly once they found out he was of money and prefered the company of men. 

"She is Sentient - can manipulate your emotions to make you do what she wants.  She will be a challenge.  You will have access to my files on her and her friend Nox.  His sister doesn't appear to be in the picture so I doubt you'll be seeing much of her, but her file is there as well.  The boy is a curiousity but nothing more, I want her watched, he is of little consequence."

Though he would like to know if he were an asset or a hinderance to their overall cause, but that would come by way of any man or woman who worked with the boy.  Martin pushed the recorded files towards Dorian.  "I would do this myself, but I have other matters the Regus deems more precious than the little whelp of a girl.  The mission is in the files as well.  Give her what you see fit, but the kill is her's, Dorian.  If she doesn't do it, I expect you to do it for her and then kill her.  She is a monster, do not forget this."

He knew his friend wouldn't forget, but it was a reminder, Aria Piccolo was dangerous.  And it was not something he wanted his friend to lose sight of.  He didn't want him to fall prey to her abilities, or to her nature.  She was dangerous.

Dorian tilted his head and smiled.  "Anything else, my friend?"  

Martin shook his head.  "No, perhaps when you return we might catch a drink to celebrate, but sadly the days do not end for me right now it seems."

Dorian got up with as much pomp and circumstance as he had come to expect of the man.  Despite his preferences he was nothing but the sexy, money-having mogule you'd expect his father to have loved, except he didn't, everthing Dorian did was in direct rebellion of his father's decisions for him.  The man was a walking revelation and a cautionary tale.  Martin did not envy him.  But none of that ever had stopped his friend from being happy. Martin wished he could say the same for himself.

**** Dorian ****

A mission to kill a god, a hunter to watch over - a pesky monster girl who could maniplate his feelings.  He'd like to see that happen.  It was one thing to believe in monsters and gods and magic, but to witness it first hand, Dorian wasn't quite so zealous as to have not thought about the unique abilities some of these creatures could have provided the Atharim.  They afterall used Furia.  

He understood the differences lie in the danger the creature possessed, but if this girl was some big bad monster he was pretty sure she'd have shown her colors already, 29 years in and no one knew.  He doubted she was that much of a danger despite his friends warnings.  But he would watch her and not get too close.  Least of all if Martin got upset, he could be the next one up on stage claimed to be some traitor or another.  And Dorian knew exactly how Martin felt about traitors in their midst.

Dorian found an empty computer and started browsing through Martin's notes on the girl.  A pretty name for an orphan.  Her mother's appeared similar, he wondered what her story was.  But really it didn't matter, the mother was long since dead.  Her file was impressive none-the-less and Martin's notes indicated he'd spent a week or more hashing out details.  It was those notes that Dorian found most interesting.

He saw Martin's fustration at the girl highlighted in the all cap words, he snickered to himself and figured if he could they'd have all been in red letters.  But no where on the pages and pages of notes did he indicate this girl was a liar, or even anything but Atharim.  Which was what fustrated him in the long run.  The girl was a model Atharim.

He ran his fingers through his hair as he glanced through the boy's file as Martin called him.  A boy, perhaps, but born an Atharim, he had more living years as Atharim than Dorian himself had.  Granted as a 5 year old he couldn't do much, but his family was far more impressive than he'd imagined, and the boy while not much older than his own son, he was ... Dorian pushed the thought from his mind.  It was not the time, nor the place to even consider this.  For all he knew both kids could be dead before this mission was over.

A figure crept past Dorian's back, he caught the small girl out of the corner of his eye.  She was walking down one of the less used hallways towards an office.  He smiled appreciatively at his good luck, he didn't have to hunt this one down as he'd figured he'd have to, his prey stepped into an office and closed the door behind her.

Dorian pulled his files from the screen and cleared any memory of his visit to the station.  Paranoia was name of the game, even in the HQ of the Atharim.  You lived longer with paranoia.

He didn't bother knocking as he opened the door to the office the girl had gone into.  He was surprised to find a room full of paper on the walls with strings and hand scrawled notes everywhere.  He even saw a few written by Martin himself.  What else was this girl working on he wondered?

She looked up at him from her spot on the floor where she was flipping through holo screens on her wallet.  She didn't say anything but she also didn't look surprised.  Dorian leaned against the door frame and crossed his arms.  "Martin has assigned you to come hunting with me.  You and your friend, Nox, I think his name was."  He hadn't forgotten the pretty boy's name, but he didn't have to tell her that.

**** Aria ****

Siberia had been interesting to say the least.  It was not an encounter to dismiss but it wasn't something she could exactly report 100% either.  Lies were coming easily to her, lies that protected those she loved.  God would forgive her in the end, but it was still lies - even if it was by omission.

Borovsky had been interested but he had seemed distracted when she gave him the information in person.  His new job was tiring him she could see it in his eyes, but it was also charging the man into a frenzy, he wanted to kill gods so badly that he saw little else before him.

In the tiny unused office that Aria had been using for her delve into the destruction of Apollyon she wasn't surprised when a man dressed in a blue suit jacket and matching slacks with a black silk shirt underneath opened the door without asking entry.  She knew Dorian Vega, probaby as well as she knew any of the other Atharim that had frequented the Vatican while she lived there.  

He was one of few who called Borovsky friend.  He was a good hunter by any standard, but he was brought in by Borovsky, trained by Borovsky and for the most part worked solely for Borovsky.  It was not a surprise he was here with an assignment.  Though she was surprised that he was lying to her already.  She quirked a half smile as he spoke of Nox.  He was lying about something but it really didn't matter, Nox was full of lies himself, always hiding behind his mask of humor and playfulness.  She had begun to see him as he was, he stopped pretending when she was around.  To see Nox in a sad place was something she wouldn't have thought she would ever see, but when family is gone you tend to see the other side.  Aurora had hurt him, but he recovered quickly on the outside, inside he was still lost and floundering like he'd lost part of his soul.  And maybe he had.  But they would do as they always do and survive.

Aria looked up at Dorian with little more than a cursory glance.  He was tall and decidedly handsome, and he knew it.  Much like how Nox always pretended she was sure this was Dorian's mask.  She returned her gaze to her holo screens and she could feel the slight pouting emotion that flitted across his mind.  He was disaapointed he had little affect on her.  Aria smiled but never took her eyes off the screens she was organizing.  "And Mr. Vega, what is it we will be hunting?"

**** Dorian ****

She was such a small thing, he could crush her under his custom Gucci boots and she pretty much ignored him.  Which only made the challenge all that stronger.  Dorian did love a challenge.  

The words that floated to his ears were whimsical, and very soft.  She was quiet but he heard the authority in her voice, she wasn't afraid of much, he could tell that by looking at her.  The name Martin had not scared her and Dorian saw that his own presence was of little consequence to her.  But she called him Mr. Vega.  He laughed his own whimsical laugh, she had insulted him and she ignored him too.  "Mr. Vega?" he asked with astonisment.  "I am not my father.  Dorian at the least, but if you insist on formatilities, Master will do just fine."

She turned to look up at him with laughter in her eyes but her lips remained in that half smile half frown like she didn't know if he were joking or not.  "But to answer your question, we are hunting monsters, of course."

He waved away her questions, though she didn't look as if she were going to say anything.  Habits were after all that - habits.  "Summon your friend here, I won't repeat myself for his wonderful self anymore than I will for Martin."  The quirk in her smile indicated that she'd caught the slip of his tongue as well.  But there was no use hiding it now.  "Well, snap to it."  He dashed off at her before she could make more of it than it was while the fevor was in his voice, he had no emotion to back it.  He was after all only trying to cover for things said, not be pushy.

Dorian expected obedience, he had expected her to jump at his harsh command but her smile only widened as she flipped through the last of her holo screens and then after a minute of time between she scrolled through her contacts and called this Nox Durante.  He answered, "Hey Aria, what's up?"  It took Dorian effort to not linger on his words.  He wasn't exactly sure why this boy had such an effect on his inner monologues.  

The little whisp of a girl laughed,  "You've been summoned by one Dorian Vega.  Borovsky has assigned the money man to watch my monsterous self.  He says we are to hunt monsters.  You in?"

Nox laughed.  "The money man summons me?"  

Aria grinned up at Dorian.  "You coming or not? He's impatient."  Dorian almost claimed he was not, but that would be too much evidence, and she was trying to push his buttons.  

The boy on the other end, "Yeah, I'll be there.  Trains are slow today though."  And he hung up, it was an unceremonial good-bye, nothing exchanged, so abrupt.  But she watched him with interest.  And Dorian raised an eyebrow at her. 

"Well little wolf, tell me what you are doing, maybe I can be of assistance while we wait for the boy to come along."

She laughed at him, but she made the holo screens bigger and started rambling on about killing Apollyon.  She'd lost him at Ascenancy being Apollyon.  Was this the reason Martin took great interest in the little wolf who was nothing more than a song bird in disguise.  She was nothing compared to the man that was Ascendancy.  And if he were Apollyon then she was no match for him.  It was a death sentence if he ever saw one.

He swiped away the screens and knelt down in front of her and put his hands on her shoulders and shook the little girl before him gently to get her attention.  She looked up at him without emotion, there was not anger, nor happiness, there was nothing and Dorian collapsed behind on to his rear and stared at the girl who feared nothing.  "Do you know you are sent to die?"

**** Aria ****

Aria sighed.  "Of course I know it's a death sentence.  A matter of the wrong place wrong time combined with the fact that the Regus was given cold hard proof that I was Sentient.  Of course I know I'm being sent to my death."

He looked shocked, like the world had been swept from his feet.  "Ascendancy will either kill me, or Martin Borovsky will."

Dorian looked at her with saddness in his eyes.  "Or I might have to."  There was sorrow in his voice and Aria felt bad for the man sitting in front of her.

"I'll do my best not to let you be the instument of my fate."  She didn't want to die, she hadn't wanted that for a good while now.  Lucas only made that more and more clear the more time she spent with him.  "But life is what it is don't feel sorry for me.  I'm happy, and I'll happily die as all Atharim will.  Just not today."

He grinned at her, it reminded her of Nox, there was still sorrow in the man's demeanour as he stood up and walked around the desk, and looked at each of the items on the wall.

"Sentient.  A monster.  Tell me what does that mean for me?"  He was actually intruigued, Aria could feel curiousity wafting from him as he stood and pretended to be interested in the wall before him.

Aria stood up and sat on the corner of the desk.  "Well it tells me you were lying when you told me Nox's name at first.  I can only assume you actually knew his name."

He turned around with a pained look on his face.  "And is that all?"

Aria laughed.  "Nothing more I'll share about it if that's what you mean."  She smiled at him, "Nox and I share much but when it comes to matters of the heart, or pants we don't discuss much."  She winked at him playfully.

**** Dorian ****

She knew, she knew she was sent to die.  Knew she was being played the fool and yet she still did the job.  She knew that the Regus and Martin planned her death and she didn't run.  Brave little girl, or stupid!

But once the topic of her abilities hit the floor he was lost in what errors he had been making from the start.  He'd not snuck up on her, she had been aware of him before he had been of her.  She'd picked up on his lies, but most worrisome was that she picked up on the fleeting lust over her friend.  And she had no intentions of using it against him.  At least that he could gather from her words.

Dorian turned back to the wall and stared at it.  "Most men do not like being eyed."

She walked up and stood next too him and Dorian was acutely aware of her short stature.  He wasn't a towering giant by any standards, but he felt that way standing next to her.  She spoke softly, "Nox is one of those men, but he won't hold it against you.  One of his friends is still his friend after he got an eyeful of Nox with a wet t-shirt."  He saw her watching his reaction, he knew she didn't have to watch but she wanted to see him squirm, Dorian refused to give her that satisfaction.

His laugh was quick and loud, she only showed a minor jump, her emotions almost always in control, he wondered if that was part of her ability.  "I can imagine.  You enjoy toying with a man's buttons do you not?"  He tuned at looked down in to her emerald gems for eyes.  

She smiled softly, "No, that would be Nox rubbing off on me."

"He likes toying with a man's buttons does he now?"  Dorian could return the twisted words back at her with ease.  And it appeared that she was capable of showing emotions if had blinked at that moment he would have missed the slight flush that crept up her cheeks.  

But she regained her composure quickly.  "Not to my knowledge, Mr. Vega."

She called him that again, Dorian's eyes narrowed until he saw the small quirk of a smile that meant she was toying with him again.  He waved his hands and shoved her gently.  "Boy is a bad influence upon you."

Aria laughed, a true laugh, he never thought he'd heard such a sound from her lips, but there it was emotion full bore.  "Yes, he is.  But he is so much more than that."

Dorian nodded.  "I see that.  You regard him highly.  Must be a good hunter."

Aria shrugged and sat back down on the floor with her wallet and holo screens.  "No more so than any other.  Nox knows truths.  I trust him with my life."  She lowered her voice, he was almost certain he was not to have heard the latter part, "And my death."

And as if the words were a summoning spell the door opened to reveal the tall lanky kid he'd been gushing over in pictures.  He wore a smile, no, not a smile, a playful grin, like the world was nothing but pure enterntainment for him.  The faded blue jeans were damp from splashed snow melt, the hood of his coat was flopping behind him like he'd removed it once inside.  Dorian was stuck for words.

**** Nox ****

Aria's call had been unexpected, today was a day they did their own thing, they'd spent a great deal of time together in Siberia and while they weren't grating on each other like he and Aurora would have been they both liked their time alone too.  Aria was planning on spending time updating her notes and revising plans, Nox had other things in mind, more destructive and dangerous.  

He'd barely warmed up when she'd called, the room was no where near his level of happy destruction.  But he cleaned up and went to meet with her and this money man.  The name didn't ring any bells for Nox, he wasn't an Atharim fan boy like Aria.  Not that he didn't have his role models growing up.  He'd known many, seen a few and worked with even less.  But there were a few names he did know.  But Dorian Vega was not one of them.  

But Nox wasn't stupid he pulled up Dorian's file as he sat down in the metro car waiting to reach the Enlightened district.  Rich, powerful and a pretty close compatriart to Martin Borovsky, Aria's handler.  Lovely, he was the mans eyes and ears while he hunted gods.  That could be a godsend or hell really depended on the man who was set to watch him.  At least Nox understood now why she'd called Dorian Vega the money man.  

The Atharim headquarters still got to him, he was dressed in jeans and a hoodie and he felt out of place as he walked into the Baccarrat Mansion, even by the alley way entrance he felt out of place, like he was tresspassing upon someone's pride and joy and he was just a lowly man.

But it was HQ and he had business being there, the guards at the door nodded as he walked into the vaulted doorway and down into the cellars and sub-cellars that hide the glories of the Atharim.  He sneered at the thought, it hid more than the glories, it hid their hypocracy and zealousness.  It held for him death and destruction, the end of his life.  One day it would be his end, these walls would collapse in on themselves and Nox would find himself high and dry with no place left to call home.  But that was not for now.  

Aria's little room was out of the way.  He didn't knock, but he heard voices on the inside.  He opened the door and was greeted with silence.  "You were talking about me weren't you?"  

Nox was watching Aria as she grinned but didn't look up at him.  "But of course.  Why would we talk about anything else, oh glorious one."  She waved her hand in front of her in a sitting flourishing bow.  He was rubbing off on her sarcasm.  Which wasn't all that bad, it made him grin.  He enjoyed when she was being the child for a change.  It was good for her.

He looked at the man who had to be Dorian Vega, he watched Nox with dark eyes that spoke nothing but interest.  Nox grinned at him.  "Well I came.  What are we hunting?"

Nox closed the door behind him and tugged off the leather jacket and dropped it on top of Aria's sitting form.  She didn't say anything as she removed it from her head and curled it up in her lap to hold for him.  His sister would have thrown it aside, but Aria, she had a bit more respect for leather, if it had been his hoodie, she'd have thrown it back at him.  But leather was a completely different story.

**** Dorian ****

The two behaved as any siblings would, not that he had much experience in the matter himself, but they joked and played and even though fear pierced his psyche for a brief moment that they'd been found out, she played it off like it was something expected of them.  The world revolved around her friend, and Dorian could see why, his presence screamed look at me, and not for Dorian's typical reasons.  It was just the way Nox held himself.

Dorian picked up the girl's wallet from the floor and sat it on the desk and sat down in the chair.  She reacted with a grasp of her hand before she realized what he was doing.  His wallet wasn't new fangled with holo screens.  He liked to use the computers for that, but this was a nifty toy he intened to try out.  Martin's notes were on the drive in his pocket, but the mission itself would be sitting on the atharim servers.  He flipped and floated through the holo screens.  How very fun and unique.   Dorian wasnt' a technophobe but when it came to tech he did tend to avoid it, his father being a tech moguel after all, he avoided anything to do with his father.

Nox leaned leaned against the wall facing the desk, it was almost distracting his posture and his charisma, but there was a job to do and Dorian could separate his concerns.  "We hunt gods."  It was a matter of fact, but he knew there was a certain amount of awe in his voice, a certain amountout of excitement, the elite hunt.  

"A man by the name of Ignat Zaitsev to be exact."  Dorian flipped up a picture on to the holo screen for them to see.  "He's forming a cult, or rather a cult is forming around his unique ability to heal wounds at a touch.  They think him Jesus come again.  Martin wishes him erradicated."

Dorian explained the location of his sanctuary and the ideals behind his little cult.  Nox looked bored, Aria didn't look like she was paying too much attention.  "Am I boring the lot of you?"

Nox looked over at him with a grin.  Such a thing to do to a man who couldn't get him out of his head.  He sighed and stared back as he spoke.  "We walk the underground everyday, you are describing everything down there."  

Nox sat on the edge of the desk and flipped through Aria's wallet like he knew it inside out, and he probably did, they worked closely together and this looked to be their tool of choice as he pulled up maps of the underground.  Maps that were not on the Atharim servers.  The boy drilled down three levels and dropped a red dot.  "This look about right."  

The red dot morphed into a 3D rendering of the location.  Dorian blinked.  "And the two of you did this?"

Nox laughed.  "Before my sister became disenchanted with me, she helped create the program that does this for us.  We hunt the underground.  Someday we'll know every square inch of it.  But for now this is where we sit."

Dorian smiled.  "Call me impressed."

**** Aria ****

Dorian explained things, he was pretty good at it, except that Aria was pretty sure he had never been in the underground.  Nox took point, showing Dorian his favorite toy.  The mapping software was by far Nox's favorite tool.  He enjoyed the land warriors as well.  

Nox rotated the sactuary of the so called cult's lair.  Aria stood up and stopped him.  "Sniper from here would probably work best."

Dorian frowned, Aria asked, "What?"

He looked around, "I don't think Martin wanted you to shoot him.  Strategy maybe.  But this guy's only danger is mobbing you with his cultists."

Nox laughed.  "You think that just because he can ONLY heal he's not a danger?"  Nox looked to Aria.  "Aria can kill a man in about thirty different ways, each one painful and just as deadly."  He looked at Dorian, "And do you know why she knows how to do so?"  

When Dorian didn't answer, Aria did.  "I was shown the human body from a really young age.  Told how to help a person.  How to start a heart that stopped beating, give a man breath.  And then the very next lesson was how to kill the same man using the same methods.  Where one man can heal, he can also kill."

Nox pointed at the spot Aria had indicated.  "That is the safest route.  But if you think Martin wants Aria to get up close and personal for this.  It should be possible."

Aria sighed, this was going to be more trouble than it was worth. "We'd need bait.  An injury to heal that looks worse than it is.  I can knife him when he comes near.  I do assume it is by my hand Borovsky wants this man dead to rights?"

**** Dorian ****

Dorian listened to them.   These two were deadly together.  They thought like one machine, they planned well, had made this their life.  Both born into the world Dorian had chosen.  Born with nothing else as an alternative.  The fact that this little girl had been trained to kill a human so callously made him shiver inside.  The ruthlessness of this organization was not new to him.  Dorian understood the need.  He did, but to see it so casually applied to something was eye opening.  Martin had been right to be fustrated, whatever this girl was, monster, sentient she called it, whatever it meant, she was as ruthless as Martin himself.  If only he could see beyond the blind ignorance that was the term monster.

Dorian had to ask, "You've put a lot of thought into killing gods haven't you?"

Aria smirked but she didn't say anything, and neither did Nox.  The truth was out there, they had been planning to kill the most powerful man alive, and that had nothing to do with his god status.  They thought in terms of least risk to themselves.  But Dorian was pretty certain that they didn't quail at having to kill someone.  

"Bait?  As in we intentionally hurt one of us so that you can kill the man."

Nox smiled.  "Not hurt, but a rock slide or a falling injury can be used to lure him in close.  I'll gladly be bait if Aria's on the killing end."  He smirked at Dorian, "I don't think you'd like to lie on the ground and get your fancy suits all dirty."

So he had noticed his finery.  He'd taken note of what he wore, it was no different than what others wore with in the confines, sure his were a little more expensive and extravagent, but he had his image to mantain after all.  He wasn't the rich play boy for nothing.  Dorian decided not to take offense at the words spoke by the young man.  He smiled at him.  "Oh I can dress for the occassion."

Dorian touched the holo screen and pulled back into the map view.  It was such a fine peice of software, he wondered if the rest of the Atharim would start to use things like this, he wondered if these two had told Borovsky of their little tools they were using.  He doubted it considering that he thought Nox was not worthy of keeping an eye on.  "What's the best place for the ambush?"  He was talking to himself more or less as he studied the maps they had of the area.  Out of the way, less traveled, but that could be anywhere in the undergound.  "Maybe seeing it would be more useful than these maps.  At least for me."

Nox smiled.  "Well pretty boy, go change, we don't want to ruin your suit now."  Dorian had to laugh, Nox wasn't going to let his attire rest.  Expensive things were slightly out of place in the field, and to a man who'd grown up on Atharim salaries, he was pretty sure Nox or Aria for that matter wouldn't know what to do with anything fine and luxurious.  

Dorian stood up from his seat.  "Fine, fine.  I'll dress down for the occassion.  Meet ..."  Dorian pulled up the stree view of the maps they had.  "Meet here in an hour?"  They both nodded and Dorian left the two young hunters in the cement office that was becoming one of the more interesting places he'd found since coming to Moscow and its new head quarters.

