**** Aria ****

Dorian left them with Nox laughing.  He'd gone to presumably change into an outfit that was more hunter like.  It would be Nox who noticed that Dorian was wearing fine silk and expensive clothes.  Aria didn't care as long as it functioned. 

But they both hopped the metro back to the warehouse and got their things together.  Not that she needed much, her wallet was with her, and she never left without her sword and a gun.  The black leather trench coat hid it from view as it was intended to do.  Nox on the other hand had issues, he was always armed.  But with Dorian on watch he'd have to resort to passive uses of his ability.  There would be no flaming whips or bolts of lighting coming from Nox today.  And such a shame, it was so much easier to take down a god with the power of another god.  

Nox took the steps two at a time up to his make shift armory.  Aria stood in the door way of the room that was not unlocked, and watched as he pulled out his crossbow and bolts.  He sighed at the weight of the crossbow, he wasn't going to be able to hid it.  He also had a gun he hid at the small of his back, with an extra magazine in his coat pocket.

Aria knew that Nox was debating which else he might use.  She could feel his feelings about close range weapons, he didn't like to get up close and personal.  It left scars.  Aria chuckled and Nox turned to look at her with a playful grin.  "Get out of my head."

Aria smiled at him.  "But it's always so interesting."

He walked past her and ruffled her hair.  Aria rolled her eyes.  "I'm not a child."

Aria saw him grinning as he headed down the stairs.  "I know.  But it's so much fun."

Aria shook her head at him and smiled.  He was in a playful mood, hopefully it would stay that way as they headed into the underground.  It was hard to fall into the darkness when Nox was radiating a good mood.

**** Nox ****

Aria had followed him to the armory and back down stairs to the kitchen.  He grabbed two bottles of water from the fridge and tossed one to her.  "So we are really going to do this.  Kill a man because he can heal the masses?"

He saw the shadowed look that passed over through her eyes.  She didn't have to answer, he knew what it meant.  "Yeah, I know.  It's a matter of our life, or his life.  The greater good."  He sighed.  "Kill one here, to save another there.  But doesn't mean I have to like it."

Aria put a hand on his arm and squeezed.  "Neither do I, but we do what we must to survive.  It's either that or Borovsky hangs us as traitors."

Nox laughed.  "Traitor, you mean monsters.  Aria, because that's all we are to men like Borovsky and Dorian Vega."

Aria grinned.  "I don't think Dorian is much like Borovsky no matter their friendship.  He seemed more put off by the fact that the Regus and Borovsky were sending me to my death with my mission to kill Ascendancy.  And while he still thought of me as a tool to be used, I think there was more to it than that.  But I can't read thoughts, only emotions."

Nox nodded, "We'll have to keep an eye on him.  It's a good thing you are doing the job, cause I don't think I could cut a man down in cold blood like that."

Aria frowned, "But it could be more dangerous this way."

Nox frowned as well.  "I know but I'll pull you out.  Lucas will remind you later what it means to live.  We'll deal with it as it comes."  Nox finished the bottle of water and threw it away.  "Let's get going, we don't want to keep Master Vega waiting."

Aria laughed.  Nox gave her a questioning look before she added, "He told me to call him Master instead of Mr. Vega."

Nox grinned.  "He's a character for sure."

Aria nodded, "Reminds me of someone I know."

Nox stuck his tongue at her and pushed her towards the door.  "Let's go."

**** Dorian ****

The Ritz was where he currently called home.  The place was elegant and the people were descrete.  He was pretty much at home in the suite he'd taken, the rooms were elegantly furnished, the bed was soft and the shower was hot with the perfect pressure.  It was far better a place than others he'd stayed at over the course of his duties with the Atharim.  Some were complete dumps, and once, he'd even been forced to sleep on the ground, in a sleeping bag no less.  Dorian shuttered at the thought.  Though by all recollection, sleeping on the ground had been adventerous, and Dorian had enjoyed the rough aspects of that particular job.  It wasn't his usual par for course on hunts.  He was a city man, not born of the wilderness.

Dorian's hunter garb consisted of normal clothing - a pair of faded blue jeans, a black t-shirt and a long sleeved button up shirt made of the same faded denin as his jeans.  He looked rather rogueish in the attire.  He enjoyed the look, but prefered the finer things in life.

He gathered the rest of his gear, it was all stored neatly in a black duffle bag he hid in his closet.  Once upon a time he had placed wooden stakes and holy water amongst it's contents.  It made for a cruel joke when another hunter poked their heads into his things.  But Dorian had long since grown out of those particular pranks, and moved on to matters of the tongue.  So much more fun to make a man squirm when he thought he was in respectible company.  Such did they know.

The entrance he had chosen was a dilapedated bulding that had many places to hide before the tunnel down into the underground could be found.  Dorian could smell the stench of human feces and other unsavory bodily fluids.  Such was a den of drugged out kids and homeless folk.  Dorian was thankful for the dressed down attire now.  Though his brown work boots kicked something squishy and he tried very hard not to think about what it might have been.

He found Aria and Nox already standing at the entrance to the tunnel.  They were caught in some form of conversation, but their hushed tones stopped as Aria looked in his direction.  She smiled at him but the boy didn't even glance his direction.  His attention was on the screen in front of him.  

Aria handed Dorian a pair of tech enhanced goggles.  Land Warriors, of military grade it seemed, these two had some pretty cool toys.  She spoke softly, but not for any undue reason he could fathom, it must be the place, "For you.  Nox has the other pair."  

Dorian whispered as well, the place indicated that hushed tones were preferrable he assumed, the entire place was beginnig gto make Dorian squirm.  "None for you."

Nox finally looked over at him grinned.  "They get in the way in a fight.  She moves too much.  Squirmy thing that she is."  And he poked a finger into her rib cage to illustrate his point.    Dorian couldn't help the smile as the two bantered with each other.  It was heart warming.

**** Aria ****

Dorian took the land warriors from her and put them on, his eyes opened wide when Aria can only imagine Nox had sent him a message.  "You'll have to keep it simple for me."

Nox laughed.  "For you, old man, anything."  

Dorian looked at Nox with look that could only mean one thing, that it meant war.  Aria couldn't help but smile, Nox had finally met someone who was willing to give him a run for his money in the sarcasm department.

Nox headed off into the tunnel that would take them into the underground proper.  Dorian followed and Aria took up the rear.  Aria drew her sword and Dorian turned around when he heard the metal ringing in the cavern ahead of them.  "A sword is that necessarily?"

Nox laughed, "You'll get used to it.  She goes no where without that little sword."  Nox turned around and winked, "And I mean no where.  She'd sleep with if it was softer."

Aria gave Nox a dirty look, he was using her for the butt of his jokes, which when it was the two of them didn't bother her nearly as much as it did when they were with a complete stranger.

Dorian turned back to Nox with an incredulous look, "Little, it's bigger than she is."

Nox turned around laughing so hard he almost tripped.  Aria rolled her eyes and kept the sword unsheathed and at her side.  Nox had his toys, she had hers.

Once they reached the tunnels of the underground proper Dorian looked around like he'd never seen anything like it before.  Aria watched him, and felt his emotions.  He felt small in the middle of the vast tunnels.  Aria knew the feeling, but they had been wandering the top levels of the underground city for months.  While everything looked the same to the common eye, Aria was starting to see difference in sections, and the levels were all different.  The farther you went the deeper down the rabbit hold you felt like you had fallen, and Aria knew that the pressing darkness would call to her.  

She took a deep breath and regretted it the moment she had.  The underground was not a pleasant smelling place on the best of days.  Today they'd entered in refuse location.  One the tunnel dwellers kept their trash and other disgusting things.  Even they had standards to live by.

**** Nox ****

Dorian was a good sport.  Nox liked him.  He picked on Aria too.  That could be his example though, but he liked him none-the-less.  

The tunnels were dark and he pulled his power around him, he'd have created a nice little light for them if he and Aria had been alone, but Dorian would have killed him on sight if he did that.  And Nox didn't know what the man was packing under the coat that he wore, though he doubted he hid anything worse than Aria did.  He definitely wasn't packing a sword.  Nox was fairly certain that was just an Aria thing.

The land warriors gave Nox night vision, but his power enhanced what they did.  He could see people scurrying behind bolders, and down adjacent tunnels.  He could almost feel Dorian behind him.  His steps were as careful as Nox's thought Nox had a feeling that Dorian was watching his step to save his shoes, not to not make noise.

Nox wondered how the man functioned as a hunter always worrying about his attire.  He hoped he was a better hunter than first impressions.

Ignat Zaitsev, a healer, he was taking sanctuary on the third level of the underground.  It was the last level they'd been on, so the terrain was most familiar in their head, but it was also the least explored at the moment, the monster that took up residence on that level would be still uncategorized in their system.  Nox hoped Dorian appreciated the tech he now wore.

Dorian spoke softly behind him, though to Nox's ears it sound like a normal conversational tone, "So what's the best way to get down there?"  Nox nodded for him to follow, he knew where he was going afterall.   But Nox stopped short and Dorian stopped just shy of walking into him.  Nox grinned at him as he pulled off the other man's goggles and put them on to set them.  He gave Dorian a small HUD that showed the path ahead of them.  "Now you can see what I see."  Nox handed the goggles back to their posh new friend.  He had a bit to learn about working with the kids.

Even Aria still had her moments, as noted she doesn't like wearing the land warriors any better than she likes following his maps on the HUD.  But she was adaptable and followed Nox withtout question when it came to using the tech they had.  Even if she didn't use it all herself she respected it.

**** Dorian ****

Well to say the least his first experience in the depths of Moscow's basements was rather disguesting.  He not only stepped in things he really didn't want to know what it was, but the area smelled horrible.  But Dorian did realize that it got better as they traveled farther and farther from the entrance.  He also noticed it got damper, and darker.  And the air felt heavier.  He could feel the pressure weighing in on him.  He hadn't thought of himself as clausterphobic before but he must have a very mild case of that known phobia.  This place made him extremely uncomfortable.

Dorian wished he hadn't brought the coat he wore with him, the temperatures felt like they were rising but clearly the HUD said otherwise.  It had to be his nerves.

The first level was mostly tunnels carved into the ground, every once and a while they would take a tiled tunnel that was once a subway system or something similar.  But the signs of humanity that he recognized soon disappeared, and were all but gone by the time he reached the second level of the tunnels.  

These two walked in silence, he wasn't sure how Aria saw anything without the night vision of the goggles, but she never lost them, he could feel her at his back.  Like she was following with extraordinary senses.  And once he thought that he knew exactly that was the case, she didn't need to see where they went she could follow by sheer feeling.  Like a bat's radar.  How interesting?  But how did she not trip over things.  Rocks and tiles didn't give you anything.  He might have asked her if he thought that the walls weren't listening, but he had the distinct feeling they were.  Such a strange place, and these two walked in them like they knew exactly what lie beneath.  Maybe they did.  

Dorian was sure that Martin was underestimating these two.  He wasn't sure how Martin was going to like his report in the long run.  So far everything was in order, and they were exemplary hunters.  Beyond extraordinary at their jobs.  How had they not come to notice before now?

At the third level Nox stopped again.  "Welcome to the third level."  Dorian winced as his map changed views.  Nox was controlling it from his, but he didn't touch it, mere eye movements or brain waves or something, he shuddered at the thought of brain waves controlling things.  That was such an invasion of a person's person.  

But the maps location showed Dorian was where Nox wanted them to ambush the healer they were after.  He spoke softly, "There is a rock slide here.  It's possible to shift it again to make it look fresh."  Dorian waved him on.  Aria said nothing as she watched, he could feel her eyes on him, but he knew she could barely see in the dark, it was just his mind playing games on him, she was feeling what he was and he frowned.  He was going to have to keep his feelings in check or he was going to betray himself one day.  Moreso than he already has anyway.

**** Aria ****

Nox had choosen the site of a landslide, it had been here the last time they'd come through, but there was always the risk of it shifting again, and forcing it could make matters a lot worse.  If Nox were at full strength that could work to their advantage, but now he was only using the power as a guide, nothing could be done if the entire cavern filled up with rock and dirt, at least not without telling Dorian what he was.  And that was a risk neither of them were willing to make.

Nox climbed to the top and Aria went into another tunnel and waited until Dorian sent her off to go hunting for the healer to help Nox.  Dorian would stay with Nox while she went to get the godling.  Aria prayed that Nox wouldn't really get hurt, but there was always that possiblity, and there wasn't any chance in hell he would get a healing on this mission.  Aurora was incommunicado with them right now, and even if she wasn't Nox couldn't miraculously heal with Dorian here.

So Aria waited and prayed, really prayed this went as smoothly as planned.  But things never went as planned something always went wrong.  Always.

Aria listened intently and heard the crash of the slideslide.  She heard Dorian's swear in Spanish, but she felt the moment Nox lost consciousness as he jumped back into her senses.  Fuck!  But Aria waited. 

Dorian ran out to her with a look of dread on his face.  "Well bait is set, but Nox is unconcsious.  Pretty nasty rock to the head.  He's breathing so it's hopefully good but if not he'll have died well if you do this."

Aria glared at Dorian, he had no stake in Nox's life.  Aria didn't say anything to him, as she stalked off in need of the healer for the Gods honest truth this time.  The farther she got, the more concerned she became, Aria ran towards the man's sanctuary.  And by the time she got there she was in full panic mode, her heart raced.  It was not faked, but it was spurred on with false dread, she could pull upon it use it to her advantage.

Her voice was hysterical and tinged with tears.  "Come help.  My friend.  Landslide."

The man who had looked up looked through her and saw her desparation.  She smiled inside it had at least worked.  He followed her off into the network of caverns she'd run through to get there.  

**** Nox ****

The landslide should be easy to cause, Aria moved to a safe distance, as did Dorian, though Dorian stayed with in view and Nox scaled up to the top of the fallen rock and debris.  It hadn't taken much really, he found a weak spot, his eyesight being what it was now.  He shoved and a rock tumbled forward the dirt shifted underneath him.  And everything happened like it was in slow motion. 

First his feet slipped underneath him, and he slide down, landing on his ass.  He saw the rock he shift bound over the top of him and crush his leg.  And then more rocks fell, a chunck of the ceiling came crashing down.  Nox watched as the peice fell towards him as he slide down to the bottom of the hill the first landslide had made.  And that was the last thing he saw before darkness and crushing pain radiated though his body.



