**** Dorian ****

They had left the underground in a completely different path than they had arrived.  This way was cleaner, and smelled far better.  Next time he'll let them do the planning for the meeting place if he were to come down here again. Which Dorian didn't think was likely to happen. 

The exit was actually pretty close to the Ritz, he was surprised.  When they parted ways, Aria was helping Nox with his long lanky weight, his energy level had slowly drained away as they had traversed the levels.  

The man at the door to the Ritz gave him the once over, it wasn't until Dorian spoke that the man recognized him.  Apparently there weren't many men staying with a Spanish accent.  Dorian couldn't help but grin, Nox's default state becoming infectious even as he looked horrible, he'd kept his spirits high.

His room smelled of perfection, the fresh pressed sheets on his bed, turned over just right.  The mints on the pillow accenting the greens in the comforter.  Dorian took off his hunter gear and tossed it aside, the maid would pick it up later.  But Dorian was too tired, he fell down on top of the bed naked and fell asleep.  He'd forgotten how much he hated walking in the dark damp tunnels of the underground, oh yeah, that's right, he hadn't ever done that before, but now he knew, now he knew how much he hated it.

****

Morning came and Dorian found that he had slept on top of the covers all night long, he was still covered in dirt and grime but his clothes from the night before had been removed.  The maid must have had an eyefull.  

Dorian showered and sat down and wrote his report.  A report that would detail the events as they happened.  No opinions just the facts.  Dorian would tell Martin his opinions but he would not make them official record.  He didn't want to be branded a traitor, but he beleived Martin would at least listen to him, even if he didn't take heart what he said, he would listen.

The report was simple, his hand elegantly scripted the prose.  Handwriting in today's day and age was something most people lacked, but everything his father had demanded was perfection, and that was something Dorian did for appearances.  He strived for perfection.  He sighed as he signed his name.  It was done, now to speak with Martin.  It was only noon, Martin would still be hip deep in the politics of his new position.

**** Martin ****

It was ten to three in the afternoon when Maria told Martin that Dorian was there to see him.  He wasn't exactly expecting to see his friend so soon.  Maybe the girl had balked and put an end to the mission before it even started.  

He told his secretary to let him in, Dorian walked into his office with a manilla envelope and wearing jeans and a t-shirt.  Dorian was in hunter gear, Martin wondered what the significance of it was and quirked an eyebrow at his friend.

Dorian laughed.  "I've been told I should dress the occassion."  His friend sat down opposite him and pushed the envelope towards him.  "My report."

Martin was confused, "She's dead?"

Dorian shook his head with a wry mryth in his eyes.  "Of course not.  She did the job quickly."

Martin opened the envelope and read his friend's report.  It was like any other report he ever read.  And when added to Aria's file it would fit in just perfectly.  Her record intact, her ability to kill a god established.  But when Martin looked up to Dorian, he knew the man had more to say.  "Well spit it out before you turn sour."

Dorian frowned.  "I'm hesitant to with in the walls of the Atharim, Martin.  It is not treason I wish to speak, but my opinions are that of a friend, not as an Atharim."

Martin glanced at his watch.  "Let us get that drink then, my old friend.  I can work later."

Dorian nodded and stood waiting for Martin to close down his computer.  His friend was casually dressed, he had anticipated this.  Dorian was anot a predictable man, but apparently Martin was.

It was a comfortable silence as they walked to the nearest bar, there were other hunters in the bar, he nodded to a few of them, and the rest just nodded to him with deference.  Dorian ordered some exotic beer and sat down in a booth far from prying ears.  Whatever he had to say he wanted to make sure it was for Martin's ears only.  That was concerning.  Martin couldn't imagine what he had to say that was so controversial.

Dorian didn't say anything until their drinks arrived.  Martin had ordered a scotch on the rocks.  He sipped at it as the serving girl left them to their conversation.  Dorian leaned forward, "I speak this as a friend Martin, not as collegue or as your underling, as your friend."

Dorian had stressed friend each time, he knew whatever this was it couldn't be good.  Martin nodded, "I understand."

Dorian nodded.  "I think you are wrong."

Martin laughed.  "I'm wrong?  In what?"

Dorian sighed, "In having the girl sent to her death.  You are losing a valuable tool.  She knows she goes to her death, and she still does the job.  Yesterday, her and the boy, they formulated a plan to take the healer out that would have spared any injuries save for the healer.  But I didn't think that was what you had wanted.  That wasn't the test you wished. I inisisted it be up close and personal."

Martin took another sip as he listened to Dorian regail the tale of their mission.  "She slipped her dagger into the base of the man's skull.  There was no hesitation Martin.  None.  She did what she was supposed to.  She may be a monster, but she IS Atharim."  Dorian smiled to lessen the next blow, "And you are an idiot to discount the boy.  Together they are deadly Martin.  They work well together, they ARE Atharim."

Martin kept in mind that Dorian was speaking as his friends not as someone subject to his authority.  It was hard not to jump down his throat with accusations of being a traitor, of falling into her traps.  As if Dorian had anticipated it he nodded, "I never once let her touch me.  And the boy, well..."  Martin understood the lapse of judgement on the boy.  He would let it be.  

The bottom of his scotch was a swallow away and Martin drank it quickly before he smiled.  "I will keep it all in mind Dorian.  Your opinions as my friend.  Now as my underling."

Martin watched the fight go from Dorian, he was resigned to the fact that Martin was not happy with his words.  "If you feel this strongly about the pair.  Take them on your next mission."  Dorian's eyes perked up and the frown no longer creased his face in a sad way.  "There is a goddess making a mess in the Netherlands.  I was going to dispatch you with a team of my chosing.  Instead I will trust you to choose your own."

**** Dorian ****

Revealing his opinions to Martin had been as hard as he thought they would be.  He was sure Martin would smite him down with riteous igdination and fury like he'd never seen.  Instead he had listened, but Dorian could see the fire in his eyes.  He know that their friendship was being tested, but Martin did more that was unexpected.  He told him to choose his own team.  It was providence.

Martin gave him the power he had never had before, he was always part of Martin's team, never his own, maybe this had been a test for him too.  A test of his ability to lead.  He had persuaded them to go the dangerous route.  But Dorian was sure that was not the case.  But he took the role none-the-less.

"As you wish it."  Dorian took a swallow of his beer.  It was warm now, he'd talked too long, and wasted the cool thirst quenching moment.  He sighed.

Martin ordered another scotch on the rocks and leaned back in his chair.  "With business out of the way my friend.  It has been a while.  Tell me how is Cruz doing?"

Dorian smiled, one thing good had come from his pleasing his father.  And that was his son Cruz.   "He has entered university, Ana says he is doing well, if he can manage to keep himself from the hang overs."  Dorian chuckled.  "Seems he has taken after me in more than one way."

Martin nodded, "He does have a good role model in that."  He laughed, "What is he studying.  Something boring I'm sure.  Business or History or some such nonsense?"

Dorian shook his head.  "The boy is taking after his grandfather.  Computer Engeineering.  My father intends him to become head of R & D when he graduates.  The boy has some good ideas, or so my father says."

Martin nodded, "Ana, the dear still happy?"

Dorian smiled, "She still fancies herself a married woman with a loving husband.  Though I do beleive Christian is persuading her otherwise."

The look on Martin's face was priceless, he expected Dorian to hide the fact that his wife was sleeping with the help.  "Christian has been with use for nearly as long as we've been married.  He is a good man.  And he keeps the secret better than say a friend of mine who'd come knocking and then leave within a few hours."  He grinned playfully at his friend.  Dorian knew Martin found his wife attractive, Dorian had not met a man who did not think the same.

Martin laughed and shook his head.  "I would not raise any suspicion from your father.  I would never come to your house, she'd of course come to me."

Dorian laughed, "And you think Anastasia Vega would come at your beck and call."

Martin frowned, "You are probably right.  That woman could strip a cat of it's fur with her tongue."  Martin got an evil look in his eye and Dorian couldn't help but laugh.

"My friend you do not want that woman's tongue anywhere you are thinking when she's fit to be tied."  Anastasia's anger was renound in certain circles, even her friends stepped lightly around her when she was in a foul mood.  Dorian remembered being on the wrong side himself a time or two.  Usually when he had upset his father in some way unbenonced to him.  Such was his life.

Martin raised an eyebrow, "And my friend, any special friends?"

Dorian finished the last of his beer with a smile.  "A gentlemen does not kiss and tell."

Martin laughed with gusto, "You are no gentleman."

They finished the night in idle chit chat and near drunken stupor.  It was a good night, Dorian had missed this.  Had missed his friend, the last time they'd spared a moment together had been after his raising to High Inquisitor.  Martin rarely got time to himself, and he was sure being an Archangel was not going to give him anymore time than had before that.  It was good to spend time with Martin again.
