**** Nox ****

The healing had taken a lot more out of him that he'd realized, he knew that it would make him weak but he had needed Aria's assistance to get back to the warehouse.  They'd not talked about what had happened, there really wasn't much to say.  He'd been stupid.  Aria had killed a man for nothing more than existing.  And they let it hang in the air like that - without words they shared their sorrow.

He could have died.  Nox knew that.  Knew that if Aria hadn't let the man heal him, hadn't let Dorian kill him in her stead.  He could be dead, instead he was lying in his bed with a beautiful woman passed out next to him.  Normally that would mean he was naked and had enjoyed himself.  While the latter was true, he had enjoyed the hunt, it wasn't that type of enjoyment.  Aria had stayed the night with him.  The only body parts that touch were the tips of their fingers.  An entire night.  It always amazed him how they managed that, and how well they both slept.  

He kept her nightmares away, and she his.  It was peaceful, and while Aria had talked to Lucas for several hours, she hadn't wanted him to see her with blood on her hands. Not literally of course, but she had showered three times, and taken a long bath before she'd come into his room looking full of saddness.  It took a toll on her - killing that man, and then keeping it from Lucas.  She loved him, hated keeping secrets from him.  But the harsher side of her life he knew little of - and he was fairly certain she'd never tell him.  No that was his burden to bear with her.  He would take the deaths to his grave.  He had his own blood on his hands afterall.  Accidental yet, but still on his hands.  

Nox had pushed his alarm silent and lay awake his fingers touching Aria's she had barely stirred with the sounding of the alarm.  Neither of them wanting to acknowledge that a new day had dawned, a man was dead and they had to move on.  Had reports to file.  Things to do.  But they laid in bed pretending the world didn't exist.  It was a good morning.

**** Aria ****

By the time they had risen for the day the sun was well pass noon.  Aria's stomach had rumbled loudly and she decided food was necessary.  The night had been restful despite the prior days events.  It would have been tinged with nightmares if she'd spent it alone.  Lucas was calming but he wouldn't understand her desire not to talk about it.  He always wanted to help to protect her, but he couldn't protect her from herself.  Couldn't stay her hand when she killed an innocent man to preserve her own life.  She would go to confession and see forgiveness, but that would be hard enough,  Aria needed to find an Atharim priest that she'd trust.  She couldn't keep telling normal men her secrets, they would surely turn her in with anonomity.  Killing a man was a mortal sin.  She was damned to hell for it.  But it was her life.  

No matter the wrongness of the deed Aria couldn't shake the pure pleasure she had taken from the dagger sliding perfectly into place releiving the man of his life.  Severing the times of thought from him, killing him with percision.  He swallowed away the thoughts as she made lunch for her and Nox.

It was a lazy day, neither of them were in the mood for much.  But the mood they both were in saw them in the dojo trading blows.  Back and forth they'd take the lead.  Nox was powerful in his own right, his tall frame was strong and he made sure he grew stronger every day.  He had confided in her that he'd never enjoyed hand to hand until he met her.  His form had been non-existant when they started, now he was flawless in form, in a fight he still had his weakneses, but even she knew she had some, everyone did and she'd been fighting since she could walk.

Nox could not kill her in hand to hand yet, but he was getting there.  They were training for every eventuality.  The day when Aria was beyond control, where even incapacitating her would not kill her desire to seek pain and punishement and sufferent of the human race.  The world was such a dark place, yet no one ever saw it's underbelly, but Aria lived with every emotion upon her soul.  Every good thing weighed on her body, the evils of the world dragged her under the water.  It was her life.  And she fought everyday to be the person she knew she was.  But it was getting harder and harder as the hunt for gods takes the forefront.  Her handler being the highest Archangel, he was pushing her towards the ends of it.  It was hard to take the life of the innocent for her own survivablity.  She would have to find a solution to the problem.  But for now she hoped that Borovsky was happy and would leave her to her own means.

Their training was interrupted by a knock on the warehouse door.  Aurora yelled from the kitchen, "I'll get it."  It was rare for her to be home, but it allowed them to continue with their fighting.  Aria felt a familiar presense but didn't immediately recognize it as Nox threw a punch leaving a hole wide open.  Aria smiled as she took advantage and found Nox lying on the ground underneath her knee.  "That's probably enough for now.  Your body is still weak from the healing."

Aria looked at the man standing in the archway to the dojo.  Dorian Vega.  He wore lazy smile and what Aria now considered his hunter gear, jeans and a t-shirt.  Aria offered Nox a hand to help him up but he refused it and lay back on the ground staring up at the ceiling panting.  Aria turned to their new friend, "Next time call ahead.  Aurora doesn't like surprise guests."  It wasn't just Aurora who didn't like surprise guests, none of them did, not with what they did in the dojo.  Aria could only hope that Aurora would not have given away their secrets to a strange man she didn't know.  Aria heard the front door shut softly and Aurora's presence leaving the vicinity.  Aria sighed, she was giving them a wide breath ever since she'd taken up with that man.  A man no one knew.  It was concerning but now they had other problems to deal with.

**** Dorian ****

It was still early considering they'd had drinks before the sun even dropped below the horizon.  He might as well get things moving forward.  Aria and Nox hadn't been seen at HQ all day, the guards at the door said they'd remember those two.  He wasn't exactly sure why but he didn't ask either.  Perhaps the fact that the girl always had her sword with her made her memorable.  Or maybe it was the fact that they were lambs of Martin now.  

Either way they hadn't been there so he decided to find where they lived.  That was a difficult chore.  No one knew exactly, but the man who owned the apartment she used to live in told him where to go.  The shop keep was a former Atharim, he kept track of the girl the best he could.  And it was probably the reason she'd left the place.

He was suprised to find that they lived in the Red Light District, well if you could consider it that.  It was at the far edge of Moscow and the district, it really couldn't be considered much of anything.  The building was pretty run down, when he knocked a cute blond girl with stunning blue eyes answered.  Dorian smiled, "I'm looking for Aria or Nox."

She frowned at him and opened the door for him to come inside.  Her voice was harsh as she pointed to an archway beyond the black leather couches.  "They are in the dojo."  She walked away and finished whatever it was in the lavious kitchen.  It spoke of many things, but with the girl softly slamming cubboards detracted from that.  What had he done to offend her he wondered.

The living room was sparse, but the couches were leather and looked like they were underutilized.  The stairs that ran up past the dojo and another door way looked like the room opened up into a staging area.  Dorian had wondered what for when he stepped into the arche way, he found his answer.  Small towers made of wood, with scorch marks on them, a pile of barrels and from what he could tell it looked like there were a few base ball automated pitchers around the perimeter of the dojo.  In the middle was a large mat, and that was where he found the kids sparring.  It was hardly a spar though, they weren't holding back punches, until Nox was lying on the ground.  

Aria chidded him for not calling ahead.  He wasn't exactly sure he could have done that.  But that might have been the easier course than finding where they lived.  Nox lay panting on the mat and Dorian couldn't help but watch the rise and fall of his chest.  He'd remembered the moment he thought he might have died.  It made him frown.

Aria smiled.  "He's fine.  He's still recovering though.  What can we help you with Dorian?  I'm sure you aren't here just to gawk at Nox."  The latter she had said in near whisper as she walked past him into the kitchen.  He turned and watched her, she walked with deadly grace, he was right to call her a little wolf.  She was that at the very minimum, but he expected she was far worse than a wolf.

He laughed and followed her into the kitchen leaving Nox to recover on the floor.  "I did come for other things.  But the sight is something special."  Her smile told him that she liked Nox in more than one way.  It was a knowing smile.  "I can find idle oggling else where."

She blushed but it was so quick he thought it might have been something else, her voice was soft, "Not on my account.  He is my best friend, there is nothing more."  She didn't look like she was lying, there was a certain truth in her words that Dorian could hear.  

Behind him a voice sounded and Dorian nearly jumped, "She's taken anyway.  Lucas is more than enough to keep her happy."  Dorian wondered how much of the conversation he had heard.  Nox laughed, "I only heard the latter, it is a conversation we have with many people, many times.  Including my own sister who doesn't beleive I'm not sleeping with Aria."

Aria tossed Nox a bottle of water.  She looked at him with the same question.  Dorian nodded, "Sure, water will do me good considering the amount of beer I consumed before coming here."

Nox pouted, it was such an adorable pout, his lip stuck out and his eyes were sad as he spoke, "And you didn't invite me."

Dorian laughed, "I'll remember that the next time, though I'm sure Martin wouldn't have enjoyed drinking with you or her."

Nox laughed.  "She doesn't drink anyway.  And it really is this Martin's loss."

Aria interrupted before Dorian could respond.  "Martin is Borovsky."

Nox frowned, "Ah, yes, thank you then for not inviting me."  The look on his face said he didn't think highly of Martin, he wondered why?  He was pretty much no one as far as Martin was concerned.  But it didn't matter.

Dorian figured now was as good time as any to tell them why he'd come.  "While we were drinking, before the drinking really began actually, business was had.  He wants me to hunt a god in the Netherlands.  He's given me purchase of my own group of my chosing."  Aria whistled through her teeth, she understood the impressive nature of it. Nox just waited for the other shoe to drop.Characters

"I'd like to take the two of you with me.  You did well against a man who was a healer.  I'd like to see what the two of you bring to a harder chanllenge.  This is not some test."  Dorian smiled, "Or me watching you for Borovsky.  I'd like a chance to work with you, for real this time.  Your toys could come in handy. I will likely draw a few others in too."

**** Nox ****

Nox had been afraid of this.  All god killing and they'd pull the eyes of the Archangels themselves.  Nox wondered if Dorian was in one of the orders, or just a tool Borovsky used like Aria.  But they had gone for drinks so maybe it was more than that, but it didn't really matter, Dorian Vega was a good man.  He seemed to think they were good at their job. And they had given him no reason to doubt that.  But Nox wasn't certain how good of a hunter he could be without his power, he'd started to rely on it for it, and now it might be taken from him.  It was such a loss.  It was so handy and such a powerful tool.

Aria looked at him, everything in her eyes said it was his choice.  Hunting gods was the pinacle of all the Atharim stories, to kill a truly dangerous god, that would put their names on the books, people would speak of them for ages to come.  Or so that was the common concesus when it came to hunting gods.  But these were his people, his kind.  But it was both their lives at stake here, she understood that.  He knew that.

Dorian sat and sipped at a bottle of water that Aria had placed in front of him.  Nox wasn't going to say yes or no.  "Anything in particular about this particular god?"

Dorian shook his head.  "Martin said she was causing trouble, he didn't specify and I've not looked at the files yet.  We can discuss it tomorrow.  But I wanted to know if you were in before I went to bed.  Give me things to think on if I have to find more than one or two to go with me."

Nox smiled, trouble was good, he could kill a godling who was causing trouble, that would not be a problem, that would be right.  That was his job.  "We'll hear more."

Dorian nodded.  "So, I will get the fourth.  I have some thoughts on who to get.  Is here safe to meet?  Or would you rather do it official like."

Nox grinned, "Here is great.  Just call before you do."  Nox found his wallet where he left it on the counter in it's little box that kept their keys and other things that they left lying around the kitchen.  It all went in the box out of habit, even Lucas put his stuff there without thinking about it.  It was either that or Aurora would throw it all away.  It was how she kept house, and all of them in line.

Nox flipped through the Atharim database of hunters and sent his contact information directly to Dorian's wallet.  A second later, Dorian's wallet gave this simple chirp of a bird.  Dorian glanced down at it without a second thought and he grinned.  "Well how grand.  Your number, if only I had thought of that the last time."  

Nox rummaged around in the cupboards a moment and pulled out some popcorn bags to throw into the microwave, it was really the only thing the microwave was used for.  Aurora would make it from scratch, but neither he nor Aria were that patient.  He turned to Dorian and asked, "We are going to watch a movie that just hit the network.  Care to join us?  I'm sure we can spare a beer or two."

**** Aria ****

Dorian wanted them to work with him, no for him on his next mission.  Aria wasn't sure how she felt about that, they were at a sever disadvantage with the lack of Nox's power, and having more people with them it was going to get even worse. But Nox was game so then was she.  

Nox however was rather clueless to his casual invite of spending time with Dorian.  He poppped a bag of popcorn before he sat down in his spot on the couch, always in the middle in front of the television set, making everyone sit around him.  Which wasn't usually a problem, Aria sat down next to him.  Dorian sat at the bar and watched the, while Aria was sure he was trying to make up his mind on whether or not he should stay.  

Nox was ignorant of the contempaltion going through their new Atharim friend's mind.  Aria reached across Nox and grabbed a handful of popcorn before Nox inhaled it.  He put his arm around her should and kept her close, he was still feeling the effects of the healing being close helped them both.  Nox would have done the same with Lucas sitting next to Aria.  It however earned a raised eyebrow from Dorian as he sat down next to Nox and the popcorn bowl.  Nox reached down on the floor and handed Dorian one of the unopened beers.

Nox started the movie, it was some newly released action movie with some famous actor as lead.  Aria really didn't know or care, it was a mindless activity and good to wind down with before the real work would begin tomorrow. Aria tried not to think about it.

About half way through the movie, a soft snoring sound came from the other end of the couch.  Aria glanced over at their new friend, Dorian was passed out.  He was apparently more tired than he'd let on.  

Nox and Aria finished the movie.  Nox got an extra blanket and tossed it over the sleeping man before taking his unfinished beer.  Nox frowned at it, it was still mostly full and he hated wasting beer he spent money on.  Aria laughed softly as he took a swallow and  shrugged his shoulders.  Aria shook her head at him.  

They spent the night alone, Aria had called Lucas to chit chat and tell him she was going away again.  Aria was fairly certain they could drive, or she hoped, Aria couldn't take Lucas this time, with God knows how many other hunters with them.  And he really couldn't take the time off anyway.

Aria woke several hours before dawn and practiced her forms in tai chi fashion in the dojo.  There was no point trying to go back to sleep, there was too much going on in her mind, and with a new person in her vicinity it was distracting anyway.  It was always an adjustment when new people were introduced to her default environment.
