**** Dorian ****

Dorian found himself drapped with a blanket on the couch where he'd fallen asleep in a pair of young Atharim's living arrangement.  He felt wildly out of place.  He glanced at his wallet and saw that he had a few messages from Martin, and that it was 4am.  He found he had to releive himself and he had no idea where to go.

He got up from the couch which was surprisingly comfortable, no wonder he'd fallen asleep.  Dorian wandered around the back where he thought he saw someone moving, at 4am?  Dorian was surprised to see Aria moving fluidly through motions of a kata.  He didn't recognize it, but then again there were probably millions of forms and he'd not recognize them all.  Aria smiled at him.

He whispered loudly so she could hear from the distance, "Facilities?"

Aria stopped what she was doing and walked towards him.  He could see her forehead was slick with sweat, how long had she been up?  

She walked into a room next to the stairs that lead up. "You can use mine."  

She flipped on the light and Dorian blinked at the large Toaist painting on the wall.  It spoke of serenity and he stared out it in awe.  "Wow."

She smiled.  "Through that door.  I know, impressive isn't it?  Lucas painted it."

Dorian whistled softly, "I'd like to meet him someday.  Damn good artist."

Aria laughed, "He prefers to work on human skin.  This was done special."

Dorian nodded and understood.  "He did your's I take it."

Aria nodded, "Re-inked it yes, he did Nox's completely.  He's good at what he does."

"I can imagine."  Dorian was impressed.  "Mind if I grab a shower."  He felt the grime of the bar still on him.  He hated that feeling and surprised he'd lasted this long with it on his skin.

Aria nodded, "Yeah sure.  I'll grab a clean shirt from Nox's, it should fit.  And he'll never notice it's missing as long as it's not got one of his stupid sayings on it."

Dorian laughed, "Thanks."  Though it wasn't exactly what was on his mind at the time.  He really had to kick this kid out of his head.  

Aria's bathroom was just as elegant as her room.  The blue and cream times made it serene.  The tub was absolutely gorgeous.  He was still checking out the detail of the tile work on the walls when Aria set a towel and one of Nox's shirts on the sink.  "That's Nox's handywork.  I'm sure he didn't paint it, but he did the tile work, and chose the colors."

Dorian looked confused, "You didn't do any of the design work?  How strange for a girl."

Aria laughed.  "It was a surprise, and if I had any say in the matter it would probably be pretty drab.  You shoulda seen my last apartment."  She turned and left closing the door behind her.  He was left alone in complete silence.  He couldn't hear anything except the echo of his own feet on the floor and he almost thought he could hear his own heartbeat.

Dorian took a look at his wallet and read the message from Martin.  It was just notification that he'd sent the files on the mission to his email.  Dorian took a few moments to send text messaged to two people he'd worked with before.  To meet him at Aria's little office.  Antoinette Cailot, had worked with Aria before, and he liked her no-nonsense attitude.  She was pratical in application.  And her field work was explemorary.  The last party member was Vincent Auclair, a man of ill repute, he would be able to get into places they needed to get into with ease.  Dorian liked working with him despite his need to have control of everything.

Dorian got his shower in and he felt 100% better.  He looked at Nox's shirt sitting atop the sink and sighed, he pulled it over, the red shirt was slightly faded, but it fit well.  It was probably lose on Nox, his frame was much smaller than Dorian's.  And it smelled like him.  He was not soon going to forget the gnawing feeling in his gut about him. 

Dorian found Nox in the kitchen making a pot of coffee.  Nox smirked, then yelled.  "Aria!  Why didn't you wake me up when you took the shirt from my room?"

Dorian heard her laugh from the dojo.  But she didn't say anything to his comment.  "You mind?"  

Nox shook his head.  "Nah, just messing with Aria."

"Since you are all up, mind meeting at HQ for a quick meet and greet of the team, we'll meet back here for full briefing and planning.  Your sister won't mind?"  Dorian didn't want to make matters worse for the blonde he'd briefly met.

Nox shook his head.  "Aurora left a note, said she won't be back for a while.  We'll order food and can make a night of it."

Dorian nodded, "8am, Aria's little office.  See you there."

And with that Dorian headed for the metro.  He was sure he was making a mistake with something but right now he didn't care.

**** Antoinette ****

The Convocation from the Regus had brought Antoinette to Moscow.  She had missed the meeting itself, as she was too far away, but she'd watched the recording and it still sent shivers down her spine.  She was glad not to be there when they killed the traitor, but she would have liked to felt the vibe in the room whe the Regus announced the Archangels.  She didn't think she had a shot in hell in joining.  

Sure she was good at her job, but she wasn't a Martin Borovsky, or even Dorian Vega.  Some thought Dorian was just Martin's lackey, someone who only got recognition because Martin acknowledged him as a friend.  What most of those hunters didn't know was that Dorian did it all on his own.  His money bought him nothing.  His reputation was well earned, but he always played it off as if he were Martin's lackey.  He liked it that way.  But Antoinette knew better, she'd worked with Dorian without Borovsky there.  And he was good in his own right.

So it was highly surprising when she got a text message from Dorian stating that she was to meet him at 8am to go god hunting.  It was a dream come true.  

8am was closer at hand than she liked, thankfully the hotel she was staying in wasn't too far away from the Enlightened district.  She'd chosen it for that purpose alone.  Antoinette pulled her red hair back in a pony tail and threw on her fur lined coat and a pair of dark sun glasses and headed out the door.  Her gear she'd leave hidden in the closet with a lock on it of course.  Guns and such weren't there for the maids to play with, but she wasn't in need of carrying her gear whereve she went.  Headquarters was safe enough.  But she always carried a small gun in her pocket book anyway, just in case.  

Moscow's headquarters had nothing on the Vatican, though the security was slightly better, but who was going to break into the lower levels of the Vatican anyway.  Any theif who tried ended up working for them, or was strung up on some cross somewhere as an example.  That was just a rumor anyway, there were a lot of rumors like that.  Once such rumor was that Aria Piccolo was Sentient.  Though Antoinette had heard the truth of that matter from Martin Borovsky himself.  She could hardly beleive that the girl she'd helped train was a monster, but it did explain a lot about the girl.  Rumor also had it she was an up and coming hunter, someone to keep an eye on.  Now that she was out of Father Dimitri's care, she was thriving.  Good for her, though the rumor now fact made Antoinette question a lot of what she had come to beleive of the girls abilities.  Doubt in your fellow hunters would be your down fall.  But chances of working with her again where slim, Aria was still overly sensative to people, no amount of knowledge was going to fix that.

Antoinette was the first to arrive at the desired location, 10 minutes early, she noticed all the paper clippings on the wall and started to try to decifer some of the bits and bobs while she waited.  She saw Martin Borovsky's neat hand on some of the notes, and one that she recognized very much.  Aria's perfect scrawl was etched into more notes on the wall than she could count.  What was she working on and why was she in this office?  Dorian what are you getting me into, was the last thought Antoinette had before the door opened behind her.

**** Vincent ****

Two weeks plus gone since the convocation.  It had been a glorious day.  The Regus was inspiring.  It had been 10 years since he'd been sprung from jail by Martin Borovsky.  The man was a miracle worker!  And the Regus a man of honor.  Vincent knew that his skills were needed when hunting gods, he'd been on every mission with Martin before he was taken away by higher demands.   Dorian was his man now.  He worked with him nearly at every turn.  They'd been in Moscow for the convocation of course.  But they stayed at Martin's request.  He had Dorian on some hush hush mission, that took the brillian man only a day to do.  

When Vin got the message at 5 am to come see him and meet the new team he was ready to go.  He arrived early, he always arrived early.  He had been sitting outside the room they were designated to meet watching everyone go by it.  Until one red head opened the door, walked inside and shut herself in.  He smiled to himself.  He knew her.  He'd worked with her a time or two.  Vin was horrible with names, women in particular.  It always got him in trouble.  It wasn't that they all looked alike, cause man he had so many images of the women in his head.  This red head, that one.  He sighed at the thoughts, each one had been naked in his head of course.  

But this red head he'd not slept with, she was a hunter, Vin tried hard not to mix business with pleasure, but sometimes exceptions had to be made.  

Vin got up and followed Red into the office.  He opened the door and found it was pretty barren except for the computer on the desk, and paper and string plastering the wall.  He took a step inside and wondered what was going on.  "Red."

The woman turned around and lowered her sunglasses to look over the tops.  She smiled brightly, the white of her teeth stark against the bright red lipstick she wore.  Kissable lips. not that he ever had.  He smiled back as she greeted him with a kiss on each cheek.  "Vin.  Dorian called you too?  Any idea what this all is?"

Vin shook his head.  "No idea Red.  D always has a plan though.  I'm sure he won't let us down."  Really he didn't care what this all was, until Dorian told him the objective and was getting paid for the work he wasn't going to think about it.  Vin sat down in the chair and put his feet up on the desk.  "I wonder who else D called in.  If he's calling it in, Martin's not here.  D's stepping on up in the world."  That was a good thing, that meant he would too, it was a matter of riding the right coat tails.

Now all Vincent had to do was wait for their illustrious leader to make headway and they'd be set.  Gods to hunt, so much fun!  They were such a challenge.  Bring it on thought Vin, Bring. It. On!

**** Nox ****

They had about an hour and half to kill after Dorian left.  Aria's little office wasn't going to hold six people for long.  Dorian hadn't told them exactly who he'd asked, but he had told them how many.  Nox was ready before Aria was, she'd taken to finishing her routine before she took a shower.  He hadn't slept well either, she'd been up long enough to complete her katas twice.  It's what she did when she was bored.  She could do anything else, but she did katas.  It was actually very relaxing for her despite the fact that she was dripping sweat by the time she was done.  The slow controlled movement allowed her to focus on that and nothing else, no one else got in the way when she was doing her katas.  It was meditation for her.  Nox found it dull, he needed music to do anything like that.  Aria had started doing that too.  He had been surprised when she'd bought the sound system for the warehouse.  It was nice, and the bluetooth headsets were awesome.

When Aria was ready they hit the metro and road it to the Enlightened district and went into the underground headquarters that was the Baccaratt Mansion.  Two days ago he'd accepted a mission to kill a god, today, they where here to discuss killing a different god.  When did he become a god killer?  Must have happened in his sleep.

It didn't bode well for them.  Though this particular god wasn't helping people Dorian said, she was causing trouble.  But Nox doubted they'd learn anything more here, Dorian had said this was a meet and greet.  Basic information was probably all they'd get.  Dorian didn't like to repeat himself.  He'd asked Aria what she'd known of Dorian Vega the night after they'd met him.  She hadn't told him much more than he'd already figured out.  While Aria didn't put him on the same pedastal as she did Martin Borovsky, Dorian was an excellent hunter in her eyes.  She was such a fan girl, but you'd never know that from her reaction.

Once in the basement they were early, Nox opened the door and found two people already present.  They were sharing idle conversation.  A tall red head stood against Aria's collage wall looking at the dark brooding fellow with his feet propped up on Aria's desk.  

Aria's hand snaked into his and pulled him outside and shut the door behind him.  "Uh.  We are supposed to be in there."

Aria just looked up at him and put her back against the wall.  But before she could say anything the door flew open and the red head ran out the door nearly tripping over Nox as she did.  Her words were scattered between what sounded like French and English.  Nox couldn't understand it at all.  Aria clung to his hand like it was some kind of protest.  

In clear French, Aria spoke,  Nox didn't understand a word of it, but the woman stopped and stared at him with a dumbfounded look on her face.  The red head's look turned panicked and she grabbed Nox's arm and yanked him from Aria's grasp.  "What the fuck lady?"

She started out in French, clearly aggeatated, "Don't let her touch you.  You'll hurt her, or she'll hurt you."

Nox looked at the woman with question marks for eyes, at least that's what it felt like to him.  What the hell was she talking about.  

Aria spoke in harsh French, he understood the explicatives that came from her mouth, but that was it.  The other woman paled.

The man stood in the door way laughing his voice tinged with a French accent as well, "Seems The Little Song has a back bone now, Red."

The redhead stared at him with incredulous eyes.  If looks could kill they would all be dead.  Aria looked at the man with a frown.  "Don't call me that Monsieur Auclair."

The man laughed, "Always so proper Little Song."

Nox looked at Aria, "Can you explain why this woman just ripped me from holding your hand?"

Aria frowned.  "Nox,"  she held out her hand palm side up and pointed at the red head.  "This is Maîtresse Antoinette Cailot, my former mentor, teacher and handler, and this is Vincent Auclair, Left hand of Martin Borovsky.  And for the two of you, this is Nox Durante.  American born Atharim, his father was Bryan Durante."

None of the names made any sense to Nox, but Aria clearly knew them and they her.  Vincent spoke with sadness in his eyes.  "You mean, the American who lost his wife to a hellhound?  That Durante?"

Aria sighed but she watched Nox.  He wasn't exactly sure how he felt about people knowing his mother had died.  He couldn't find the words, everything was just happening too fast.  Aria spoke for him.  "The same.  Nox was there when his mother died."

Vincent clapped Nox on the shoulder, "No wonder you are here then my boy.  Ain't nothing like a little revenge to get the blood boiling."

Nox shurgged off the commadre.  "I'm not her for revenge, it's what I was doing when she died.  I will do it till the day I die."  And Nox knew that was the truth despite all his hatred towards the way the Atharim handled godlings.  He knew he was going to go out Atharim, even if he had to do it before the world came at him with a glaze of glory hunting hunters.

**** Aria ****

Aria opened the door to her little office and found two familiar faces inside.  Aria quickly grabbed Nox's hand and pulled him back towards the door.  He came without question but Aria could feel Antoinette's reaction as Aria shut the door behind her.  It was panic.  Oh my God, Aria's touching him.  She could hear the thoughts running through her former mentor's mind.  Little did she know that touching wasn't the problem, not when she had control of her abilities.  But there was greater fear inside of the woman she had once looked up to.  Antoinette knew what she was.  Martin Borovsky had informed her to get information willingly from her.  He'd claimed as much when he had been interrogating her.

Once outside this flew down the highway of irrationality.  Antoinette came screaming out at Aria, her words half in French half in English.  "You forget yourself little one.  Don't Touch Him!"  It had come out a command and Aria clung furiously to Nox's hand in spite.

Aria yelled at Antoinette in French, "You are far from my handler now, I can handle myself, don't tell me what to do."

Aria's words had little effect on her teacher, she ripped him away with ease.  Aria could feel the anger radiating off of Nox.  But he kept his exterior cool, he always managed that, and Aria wished for the talent to do that.  But her anger rolled up on top of everything else.

They fought, Antoinette in English and Aria yelled at her in return in French, "I don't need your fucking permission to touch my friend.  I can neither control him nor would I want to.  Step the fuck off, bitch."

Vincent Auclair knew exactly how to break the mood, he was much like Nox that way.  Except his attempts at breaking the tension was usually crude and inappropriate for most people.  But he called her Father Stone's pet name and Aria hated it, she hated it even more now that the man had thrown her under the bus

Nox asked for an explanation, but Aria couldn't give him one, instead she introduced them all to each other.  And Vincent was highly impressed with Nox's lineage.  It had surprised her but she knew that those memories would fester again for Nox.  She reached out for him and Antoinette stepped between her and Nox.  Before Aria could get angry, Nox walked around her former mentor and behind Aria.  He put his left arm around her shoulder and pulled her against him.  It was a protective gesture, but also one meant to keep Aria from attacking with undo necessity.  He leaned in and whispered in her ear, "Calm down, Little Song."  He grinned against her ear and Aria jabbed him in the stomach with her elbow.  He took it with gusto and hugged her tighter. He whispered again.  "You know I'm not going to let you forget that now, right?"

Aria would have removed herself from his hold but it was safer in his embrace than out.  She could focus on him instead of the venom that was flying at her from her former teacher.  

**** Dorian ****

Dorian had had time since leaving the back water place Aria and Nox called home to go to his hotel and change clothes, but he rather liked the smell and feel of the borrowed t-shirt against his skin.  It smelled faintly of whatever laundry detergent his sister probably used, he hadn't noticed it for what it was until after he'd left their presensce.  But it distinctly smelled just as he had remembered Nox sitting next to him.  A faint smell of smoke, like Nox liked to be around a camp fire.  It was not tabacco or drug related, but definately faintly burnt.

Dorian pulled his warm fur lined coat around him as he walked the streets of Moscow trying to figure out what he was going to do.  He had hours to kill and that boy just would not leave his head.  Maybe it was the thought he could have died because of his brash and wreckless abandon.  They both shared that in common.  But that too was for a later date.  Dorian barely knew the man, and Aria had already informed him that Nox was one of those men - one who did not take kindly to the advances of another man.  But that hadn't been what she'd said.  She had said he was a man who didn't like other men oggling him.  And causally mentioned a friend who had been caught in the act.  Dorian smiled to himself, getting caught was the key to her words, not the oggling.  But that thought made him even more confused.  Why would his presumable best friend encourage Dorian to hunt the for the man's feelings?  Surely he wasn't tempted by a fine smile and a muscular body, Nox had never even so much as casually glanced in Dorian's direction.  

Dorian was near certain his own head was making games of it all.  Back to the hunt, it was for the best, Nox was barely older than Cruz.  Wouldn't that be lovely, home for Chrismtas dinner with his boyfriend in tow.  Look mother, I brought Cruz home a playmate.  Dorian scoffed at his thoughts.  As if he'd bring a man home for dinner, much less Christmas dinner.  Though Dorian could imagine the face his father would make.  The sour puckered look with such disdain and disappointment that followed Dorian no matter where he went under his father's ever watchful eyes.  

Dorian pushed open the doors that lead to the basement that housed the Atharim, nearly knocking the guard who was trying to open the door from the otherside down.  Dorian waved apologies as he headed for the little office.  Sadly he didn't make it that far as a scuffle started just around the corner,  in the small hall way between here and the office Aria had called hers.  

Dorian sighed when he saw the two women shouting in French.  He could make out a few words here and there, mostly the explicatives that fled Aria's mouth in anger.  Antoinette had paled at the words.  She had thought the girl was placid, thought her still a child, and she had been wrong.  

Dorian laughed when Vin stated the obvious fact with a term of endearment Father Dimitri had used upon the girl who had been his finest student.  Dorian remembered the tales of her acheivements that Dimitri would tell when asked of the little one under his tutelage.  "Such an eye for detail.  Even at the age of 6, her drawings are far more detailed than some of the anatomy books I've had her scanning."  Anatomy at the age of 6.  Had he remembered that Dorian might not have been lectured upon the number of ways that little girl knew how to kill a human being.

Other memories flooded his mind, the girl sparring with every known swordsman that would take up arms against her.  The battle between Vincent Auclair and Aria had been of epic proportion.  It had gone hours, neither one bled.  It was the only way to win, either that or you forefit, and neither dual weilding swordsmen would do that.  So they fought for hours until Aria finally cut Vin along the cheek with the tip of her blade.  If it had been Vin, he would have gloated, but the girl didn't she dropped a deep bow of respect and thanked Monsieur Auclair for the chance to best him at least once.

Vin had joked that he'd let the girl win, that there was no way the Little Song could beat him, a cold hearted blood thirsty womanizing man.  His words, not Dorian's.  

But it was Antoinette that held the greatest stories of Aria.  It was funny that seeing them together now made all of that seem so distant.  Antoinette had once cherished Aria, like a daughter.  Maybe it was something else.  But there had been care in her before for the girl.  But now, all Dorian saw was fear.  And Nox wrapped around Aria like he was keeping the wolf from the sheep before her.  He whispered in her ear and Dorian could only assume it was a joke from the way she elbowed him with a smile.  A truly happy smile.  

Antoinette had been protecting Nox, or so she thought, the look of abject horror that played across her face as Nox pulled Aria against him.  Her hands clearly touching the skin on Nox's arm.  Her hand avoiding the edge of the tattoo that peeked out from underneath his embrace.  He wondered why that was the case, he'd have to ask later.

Dorian smiled and stepped between Antoinette and the pair of kids he'd spent the night with.  He felt protective of them, of both of them.  And he wasn't exactly sure why, they didn't need his help.  They had matters in hand, even if it looked like they were ready to go find a room.  Dorian frowned and Antoinette spoke loudly at him.  "Dorian!  Please she does not know what she's doing."  She pointed behind him, like he had no clue who she was.

Dorian glanced back at them with a grin, "They look like they know exactly what they are doing."  He turned back to the woman he'd called to come help with the hunt, not because she was his friend, but because she was good at her job.  "She is not a child.  She is fully capable of running and ruining her own life.  He is not in any pain, he is not seduced by her evil womanly ways.  And he is  clearly not enthralled with the monster that he holds."

Antoinette gasped, "You know!"

Dorian laughed, "Do you honestly think Martin would send me out with her without telling me what she is?  I've read her file, I've seen Martin's notes.  And she is a fine hunter.  I'd like to see any of the lot of you, put a dagger through a man's skull without hesitation.  I don't care what kind of monster he was, he looked human, he acted human.  And on top of it all the man saved the life of her friend here, AND she still put a dagger in his head because it was her job.  That alone earned my respect.  And you will not treat her like you did before.  She is not a tool to be used at your leisure.  She is a hunter.  And I find any of you treating her less, I'll find you sit the traitors seat next time.  Even if I have to make up an aweful lie."  By the end of his tirade he was not aware he was going to give, Dorian felt the anger at the mistreatment of the girl.  Things he remembered, things he wished now he could unremember.

He sighed, "That room is too small for this group of hot heads.  Let's go grab some breakfast."

**** Nox ****

The entirity of the misunderstanding had come from things in the past, things Aria didn't speak often of.  He didn't pry into Aria's past, he knew of Father Dimitri, of her handler Antoinette Cailot, he'd never expected to met her though, and surely not like this.  Aria was not a weak minded girl anymore.  Her abilities were stronger and more controlled.  She had grown even in the short amount of time he'd known her. But this woman only saw a child however grown Aria was when she left the fold she was still a child in their eyes in many ways.

Nox raised an eyebrow as Dorian had stepped between them and took the heat of anger and turned it into leadership.  Nox was impressed.  Even Aria didn't do that, she lead by example.  But she also didn't claim to be a leader, she followed, it had been ingrained in her that she was a tool, a weapon to be used, nothing more.  He'd spit on that thought if he wouldn't have been asked about it.  Aria squeezed his arm, she felt his venom rising and he took a deep breath and went to the calm place where the light waited.  He didn't try to control it, but it called to him.  Called to be used, but he sat in the heart of the Atharim, even a slow dimwitted creature could figure out that Nox was different if they paid him anymind, though right now all eyes were on Dorian.

Nox grinned, "You mentioned breakfast, oh glorious leader.  I'm starving.  Salvetore's isn't open yet, but Victor will open the doors for us I'm sure.  It's not noisy but it'll give us privacy.  And Marco is always willing to feed me."  

Aria laughed, it was unlike anything he'd heard from her.  She found what he'd said highly funny.  It hadn't been that funny.  Nox smiled at her, she was happy with something in her head.  "Shush you.  You can get us in can't you?"

**** Aria ****

Nox mentioned Victor and went on about Marco.  Marco was more than willing to do more than feed Nox despite the fact that he was in a very long term relationship with Pavlo.  

Nox was good at attracting attention, and Aria was certain he was not aware of the fact that he'd aborsbed not one, but two admirers of the male persuasion.  Marco enjoyed his job, but he took pleasure in feeding Nox.  Nox ate everything he made, where as Aria  would look up at Marco when something displeased her and refuse to eat it.  Nox would just trade plates.  Marco frowned, but he would go away leaving them to eat.  Victor had taken a liking to Nox as well.  He'd commented that Nox was not Lucas.  And he could see the difference in the relationship.

Aria had asked after his observation.  He had astutely sat her down and asked her was she blind?  Both loved her, in completely different ways.  He said Nox is your family, the family you never had, he's the big brother, the little brother, and he's the beloved guard dog that's only difference being is he is not human, but loves you just the same.  Victor went on to explain the Lucas was like a second half, completeing her.  He told her how happy it made him to see her touching his hand.  He'd remarked once how he'd once thought his own son might find it in his heart to court her.  But Francesco was not quite so brave.  Father Dimitri's warnings were still ingrained in him, but not Victor, they never had been.  The difference between the two men in her life was apparently aparent to those who knew her and them, but to this bunch she could feel the assumptions radiating off of them - from jealousy to hatred.  Her thoughts didn't keep her in that humorous mood long.  She was back to brooding inside herself again.  Nox poked her in the ribs and took her hand and walked out the door before she could even answer about Victor letting them in.  "Come on."

Dorian laughed.  "And the boy takes charge when food is involved.  I will have to remember that."

Aria smiled and looked back, "He eats all the time, you better watch out."  Dorian grinned at her.

*** Vincent ****

Vincent had watched the exchange with Little Song with fond memories.  She was still an ankle bitter but damn she had bested him.  And from the looks of her still could, and from what Dorian had said, he didn't exactly want to be on the wrong end of her pointy stick.

Vincent laughed.  "Breakfast, then talk of hunting.  We don't want D to have to repeat himself after all"  He turned to the Nox with a laugh.  "I really mean that.  Don't push it.  He seems all bright and happy until you push it.  He laughably sweet and then wham, gun to your head, shoot you dead if you say another word."  Vin laughed lounder this time.  "Ain't that right D?"

Dorian looked back at him, "What you on about Vin?"

Vin couldn't help himself, he pushed, "Your repeating yourself.  You've killed lesser folks for making your repeat yourself."

Dorian laughed as he followed the kid and The Little Song.  "You do like to exaggerate that tale."

Vin laughed, "The man made you repeat yourself.  The gun just went off by itself then?"

Dorian tuned back and rolled his eys so Vin could see.  He sighed, "Fine.  I shot him because he made me repeat myself.  But he was Sentient, he was trying to make me do something I didn't want to do.  Sadly he was dead either way."

Red paled at the word Sentient.  Little Song turned around and looked at Dorian with a knowing look.  "You can protect yourself from that if you are brave enough."

The kid laughed, "Not a pretty process I'll tell you."  He let go of her hand and wrapped it around her should and pulled her close in a sideways hug, he was clearly playing with her.  

Little Song shook her head, "Killing a Sentient trying to turn you is a feat in its own Dorian.  I've only known one person who can naturally do it.  The other worked his ass off to get there.  Though it does depend on the Sentient.  Even I had problems killing my father when I found him."

Vincent stopped dead in his tracks.  "You killed your own father?  I presume he was Sentient?"

She nodded as she kept walking.  Vincent starte walking in what he didn't know, fear, admiration, probably both. "Holy shit!"

**** Antoinette ****

Things went from better to worse when Dorian arrived.  He had once been a friend, but now he was all brash leader.  No nonesense, his usual smile was gone, and replaced with cold anger.  She'd seen it only once before and it had not been directed at her, now it sent shivers down her spine.   And Vincent's reminder of his temper only made matters worse, he was a hard man.  But a good man, Martin had trained him well.  It was not surprising to see Dorian lead his own small team. Antoinette resigned herself to treating Aria with respect, at least feign it.  She was a child let out on her own too soon.  A child who had no life experiences, the boy that wrapped himself around her unbidden to her proclivities, her natural nature.  She sighed, if he wanted to damn himself sleeping with monsters then so be it.

The call to hunt gods was strong in the team, she could feel it radiate from every one of them, except maybe Aria and her friend.  They seemed wrapped up in their own little world.

They lead them to a small little restaurant.  Aria with Nox's arm wrapped around her still like she was going to chop someone's head off if he let go, maybe she would.  After her claims, and Dorian's she was certain Aria was more the monster now than she ever was before.

From inside Antoinette saw Victor Salvetore wave hello then beckon her to the door.  She was standing in front, Aria and Nox would wait their turn.  Victor unlocked the door and when recognition dawned on his face he opened his arms and pulled Antoinette into a huge embrace and kissed both her cheeks as he laughed his welcomes.  It had been years since she'd seen Victor.  And it had only been a breif stay in Moscow.  "Ah, Antoinette, back with our little song I see."

Antoinette tried not to frown, but he saw it.  "She is not the girl you knew anymore, she's happy now.  You'll see."

Antoinette was not sure she'd see, she wasn't sure she didn't want to kill the girl herself now.  Sentient, bah!
