**** Dorian ****

Antoinette had backed down just as the last party member joined up.  She was a tough looking woman.  One Dorian was sure he didn't want to mess with, her reputation spoke for itself.  He smiled at her comment and rolled his eyes at Nox's.  He really did have a knack for killing the tension.  It was probably a good thing he was around, even if it were only for the comedic relief.  Though if a good hunter like Aria trusted him with her life, he had to be worth more than that and his little toys he brings to the table.  But Dorian had yet to figure exactly what it was that he brought.  He would find it. But he expected a great deal of the respect that Aria had for him was the fact that he was protective of her.  And that was clearly obvious to anyone here.  Not that he posed much of a problem, it made him all the more curious as to why Aria had chosen such a skinny kid to watch her back there were far better warriors than him.

Vincent spoke of the past deeds, of death of a monster at his hands and Aria shared her own, which had taken him by surprise.  He'd seen the most recent report of Giordano Pirozzi in her files.  It was her last report, after Martin had sent her to Siberia, it hadn't been long she was a busy girl.  Martin didn't even have any comments attached to it.  But in that report no where had it said he was her father.  Martin had to be in a lather, he'd missed Giordano, he'd killed his daughter though.  That had only been a secondary win.  

Martin underestimated her, no the Regus did, the Regus put her on this death sentence, but she was going to take down every monster she could between now and then.  And he respected that.  And Vincent now got it.  Antoinette still spit venom whenever she looked at the back of her fallen comrade.  Dorian could see the hatred of what she was, not of the girl.  There were still moments of warmth in her eyes.  Maybe it could be salvaged.  But he doubted it.  Atharim beleived in one thing and one thing alone - the destruction of monsters.  And by all terms Aria was a monster.  

But here that monster walked, talked and breathed Atharim more so than all other's here.

The little restuarunt was small on the outside and the man who greeted them did so with gusto.  He hugged Antoinette, an old friend.  Dorian had met him once.  It was no surprise when he took Aria into his arms and hugged her to him with the grandoise kiss on each cheek.  They rattled off a quick conversation in Italian, he caught most of it, but there were a few parts that could be interrpeted differently.  Victor, the owner, and greeter apparently grasped Nox on the shoulder and shook his other hand.  

The brief conversation had included who Dorian was, and that they needed someplace quiet and out of the way to lay way plans.  Victor had called out to some girls in the back working and gave a belly yell for Marco.  

Victor greeted everyone else with less gusto until he came to stand in front of Dorian.  A prooffered hand was extended and Dorian shook with just enough streght to indicate he wasn't going to play games.  Victor smiled and asserted his own strength, it was not a power play so much as a sign of respect.  He wasn't sure he liked what Aria had said about him now.  Victor smiled, "Aria tells me that you have the expenses for this lavish breakfast."

Dorian laughed, "She said lavish did she?"

Victor shook his head, "No, I assume Nox talked you into coming here, free food and all."

Dorian was surprised, "Free food?"

Victor smiled, "For Aria and her friends, it brings her back.  The only issue that might present is that for free Marco gets to cook what he wants.  But you won't be disappointed.  Anything ordered specifically we do charge, Aria and Nox come often for the free food.  Marco is in heaven."

Dorian laughed.  "Free it is then.  But yes, I have the expenses.  We don't need much privacy, we should be done by the time you are good and ready to open."

Victor laughed, "No rush on our account.  Aria is family.  We've no parties this afternoon, you can use the large space."

Dorian bowed his head slightly, "If that is what you wish.  I do have one request.  Wine.  We need lots of it I think.  Probably a few beers for the rest, I'm sure their pallets are not as refined as mine."  

Dorian heard Nox laugh at his comment, "Got that damn straight.  None of that frufru for me, Thank you."  The grin on his face spoke volumes, he was not aiming the comment at Dorian, he was looking directly at the man in a crisp white apron and poofy chef's hat walking towards them.  Marco watched Nox with eyes that stalked it's prey and Nox grinned back like a fool who didn't know what stalked him.  Oblivious to the other man's attentions.  Was it really so easy to be ignored by the boy?  Maybe getting caught was the better approach.

He pushed the thoughts from his head.  "Marco I presume.  I've heard nothing but the best."

He pshawed at his commment with a wave of his hand, that spoke more words about the men he liked than about anything else, he was openly gay.  Dorian was not that open, though most people figured it out pretty quickly.  "I am he, and Aria speaks in truths, always."

That put Nox into a laugh too, "They don't know that yet Marco, you are giving away our secrets.  I wanted to see what the blunt truth would do some of these stick in the muds."

Marco eyed Nox with a frown, "Next time, Durante."  He nearly spit the words out like it was an insult, but that was not what his eyes said, "you should speak first and let me open my mouth last."  Aria hid a smile behind her hand.  Dorian could only guess what she thought was funny.  Nox's respons was only to laugh. Oh the boy was so oblvious, Dorian thought just as Nox wrapped his arm around Aria like she was a shield, maybe not so oblivious.  He clung to familiarity.  There might be hope.

Victor saw the six of them into a fairly large room with casual seating at one end and a large table on the other.  Dorian smiled as the wine was placed at the head of the table.  A single glass was poured by a pretty little thing that smiled brightly at him with a look that said she'd like to see more.  Dorian could only smile and thank her as he took the goblet from her hand and sipped at the wine.  A good vintage.  Didn't matter.  

Dorian pulled Nox away from Aria.  "Your wallet better or the same as Aria's?"

Nox shrugged, "You need it?  Aria's is older model, my holo's are better, but Aria's has all the cool toys."

Dorian smiled.  "You don't have all the cool toys?  I'm surprised."

Nox grinned at him, "She's the planner.  I use my laptop for the boring crap.  I don't keep it on me."

Dorian nodded in understanding, "Will she lend it to you?"

Nox held up a finger and walked over to Aria.  He causally wrapped his arms around her and pulled the wallet from her back jeans pocket where it had been hiding. As he was walking away with it she only turned and looked at him with a hey what the hell look on her face until she saw him walking back towards him.  Dorian shook his head as she turned around and listened to Victor's animated tale.  "I suppose you do that often?"

Nox just smiled as he started flipping through Aria's wallet.  "What ya need?"

Dorian smiled, "What do you have?"

Nox sat down at the head of the table and Dorian leaned over his shoulder and watched every flick of his hand, ever movement he made through the screens.  "Here is the 3D map app."  He put it up on a holo screen, while he continued to work on the wallet itself.  "Here is the Atharim DB that we can access while in public."  That flew up on to another holo screen.  Nox made one final swipe and a bulletin board type system flew up on the screen.  "This is Aria's favorite app.  You can drop any screen into it, and then position it and use it like Tony Stark."  Dorian looked at Nox in confusion.  He laughed, "Comic book reference, Beginning of the century pop culture reference.  Big time tech mogule who played at being superhero.  Talking computer with 3D holo screens beyond his time.  Aria's favorite movies.  But then again that was the era of movie reels she got stuck in one day so I assume that's why."

"Stuck?"  Dorian would like to hear that story one day.  

Nox grinned, "I'll tell you when we don't have eyes watching every move I make.  Ya'll got history, us American's got a bit to work on I think."

Dorian sighed, "You have nothing to worry about."

Nox laughed, "Oh I don't do I?  You and Aria got my back?"  He looked up and winked at Dorian.  

"Something like that, Nox Durante, son of Bryan.  You have history.  I met your father once.  I'll tell you about it sometime."

Nox nodded, "Your seat."  He got up and gestered with a great sweeping flourish.  He was always the clown.  But it was good to have one like him around, he was right about one thing, every Atharim before him that he'd met were all sticks in the mud.

Dorian took a few minutes to orient himself with the holo screens.  Beginning soon would be grand, but food came first, both he and Vincent were salivating after starting on a beer that had just arrived.

**** 

Food arrived, Nox and Vincent were the first at the table with food in their hands.  Nox waited for Aria to sit when Marco put a plate in front of her and she looked up at him with disdain.  He her heard whisper, "Really?"

Marco laughed, "No."  He swapped plates with  Nox.  "I would never feed you that I know better."  

Nox let out a fake sound of disgust, "But you'll feed me eggplant."

The chef clapped Nox on the shoulder and laughed, "You'll eat whatever I serve you, and like it."  It was almost a command, but Nox grinned widely as he took a bite.

Dorian waited till everyone was eating.  His plate was served by Marco himself like Aria and Nox's had, the others were served by Victor.  The tall italian looked at him with a grin and leaned in close, "His clothes look fine on you."

Dorian did a double take before he rememberd the faded red shirt he wore.  Dorian laughed, "Is it that obvious?"

Marco laughed, "To me it is.  Il ragazzo has no clue.  But that is one of his favorite, his other red one he burned holes in."

Dorian looked up in confusion but Marco waved him off.  Marco continued louder, "He likes to play with fire, amante."

Marco raised his voice, "Buon appetito!"  And he walked off with Victor closing the door behind them as they left the room.

Marco had done wonders with the meal, it smelled delicious, but it was not what he was expecting for breakfast.  Pasta was far from breakfast no matter where you were from, but it was to die for.  It melted in Dorian's mouth, the lemon and garlic perfectly complemented with the wine.  "Nox, your choice was worthy the wait."  Nox grinned in response through forkfuls, between his and Aria's plate.  He had no boundaries it seemed when it came to Aria.

Dorian enjoyed the free meal, if this was free, he could do this often, it was no wonder Nox came here, he had a feeling Aria didn't care.  After his plate was literally cleaned, he would have licked the plate if he were 5 again, that was how good the food was.  Dorian pushed his plate away and everything seemed to stop all at once, the scraping of the wallet as he pulled it towards him was heard, he almost heard his heartbeat.

The silence was broken by Nox's fork hitting his plate.  Vin laughed, "Thank you.  That silence was really annoying."

"Well then, Breakfast has been started."  He pointedly looked at Nox who was still eating.  A girl had brought him a second plate, Nox had been true to his word, Marco enjoyed feeding him.  It made him wonder what had made Aria smiled so coyly.  He was really going to have to ask.

"I suppose we can start."  The girl who served Nox left quickly and as quietly as she had come.  "We are hunting a goddess who is making trouble."  Dorian opened up the map in the Netherlands.  "Stories are coming from all over of weather phenomenon that is not natural."  On screen various stories popped up when he dropped them on map little pin points showed up.  Dorian smiled happily at the software the Durante girl had written.  He was highly impressed.  "As you can see there is a lovely pattern to follow." Right at the epicenter of it was Amsterdam.  Lovely city.

Vin commented, "That's a cool toy Dorian, it just did all our research for us."

Dorian smiled.  "I like a machine that will do my homework for me.  You can thank Nox for that.  He's the connection to the toys.  And many more from the small armory I've seen."

Vin was impressed, "An arsenal.  Cooler me impressed kid."  

Nox was frowning, "I know I'm going to regret this, but I prefer boy to kid."  Aria put her hand on Nox's knee, he knew that it was not about attachment, something about the nickname Vin had given him had truly upset him.  The frown was real, and it took away all the humor in his eyes.  It made him sad.

But he had to turn his attention to the larger picture.  "So we go to Amsterdam.  We'll get the lay of the land, find her specifically."  Dorian threw a picture of the woman they were after, with some basic statistics on it.  "I don't think she's hiding.  So Vin, you'll take stab first at getting into her place and finding what you can about what she's doing.  Fucking with the weather is not something you accidentally do, there has to be a reason.  And we want to make sure to get all the fish in the pot before we cook it."

**** Vincent ****

Red was in a tizzy about the girl.  She glared and Vin smirked everytime she nearly spat when the girl spoke.  Their little song had all grown up.  Didn't help matters that Red was her teacher, probably figured she should have known or seen something she was the closet thing the girl had to a mother after all.  

Monster was a relative term, he was a theif and a down right nasty person, and no one said much to him, the girl had lived and breathe Athrim since she was born - literally.  If Dorian trusted her, he'd trust her.  D was a good man.

The restaurant they went to was empty except for the staff, but it smelled delightful.  Vin's stomcah rumbled.  Pleasantries were served, the chef looked at the kid with eyes meant for food, Vin glanced at their illustrious leader and saw no signs of jealousy, but the kid was still clueless to all of it, but you'd never known D was interested if you didn't know to look anyway.  He wasn't throwing himself at the kid like the chef was.  Vin just had to laugh but he didn't.

The room they were seated in was pretty posh, the seating arrangement spoke of nice parties.  Food was glorious and filling, but the kid kept on eating even as Dorian started the whole briefing.  He remembered being that young once, food all the time.

Dorian laid out the plan.  Information seeking.  His favorite job in the world.  Vin loved to be sneaky for a good cause.  It was the reason Martin has saved him from his impending jail sentence.  Some rich benefactor of the Atharim was his mark, he hadn't known it at the time of course, but the thing he took was a powerful artifact the benefactor had uncovered in some dig in Egypt.  They wanted it back with a great ferocity.  Martin had tracked him down just as the police pulled up on his door step for breaking and entering in some other establishment.  He hadn't known he'd been caught on camera.  It was his last public mistake.

The Atharim taught him things, he taught some of them too.  But more importantly he got to be the bad guy he was still.  They hadn't tried to change him, just guide him, gently, and in Martin's case not so gently.  Death threats were used at least once.  And Vin beleived Martin when he said he'd kill him.  It was just a matter of fact.

So the kid didn't want to be called kid did he.  Vin grinned, "Unless I have a good reason, Kid it is."  He frowned and nodded, knowing fully well what Vin would say, he'd probably do the same thing.  

But Aria spoke softly he could barely hear her from across the table, "His father called him kid."  

Nox put his hand on hers, "Aria, it's okay.  They don't need to know."

Well now he had to know.  "Tell me and I won't call you kid again."

Nox frowned.  "Another time.  We've things to do."

Vin nodded, "As you will Kid."  Nox sighed and gritted his teeth, he was clearly not happy about it, which made it all the more fun for Vin.  But he did have a question.  "So D, how we getting there?  Some backward train?"

Dorian laughed, "I was thinking my father would lend us his plane.  He's been telling me for years to at least make appearance with expensing out things for the company to pay for.  Since I after all work there for appearances sake."  Dorian rolled his eyes.  His father was a peice of work, a man Vin hoped to never have cause to meet, Vin wasn't sure he could keep a straight face as Dorian kissed his wife.  

"Private plane?"  Vin whisteled.  "By the Gods, we will be living in the lap of luxury.  Won't Martin be jealous."  But Vin was the only one to laugh at his joke.

**** Antoinette ****

Everyone else paired off as they walked.  She was left alone, not that it mattered, she had other things on her mind than making idle chit chat with Vin, or to watch Dorian watch the two in front of him.  Though she knew exactly which one caught his eye.  It was rare that he was so obvious about it.

Antoinette's mind wandered from everything to nothing and back again.  She would work with Aria this one time, but then she was going to have to tell Martin not again.  Even if that meant ditching any hope at working with the Archangels.  But maybe Martin would understand.

Dorian caught wind of her thoughts apparently he stepped closer with a fluid motion she'd forgotten the man was an excellent swordsman as well, as were all Martin's recruits.  She prefered the crossbow or a gun, never understood their incessant need to be up close and personal with things with fangs and claws.  But that was Martin's teachings for you.  He spoke in a hushed voice, "Aria's not in line for an order, Antoinette.  I should have told you, and her, before inviting both of you.  I didn't think it through."

"Martin didn't ask you to head the team as is?"  It was a curiousity more than anything.

Dorian shook his head, "No, all are my choices."

She had to know, "Why her Dorian?"

He looked at the two kids infront of him.  "Just a gut feeling.  Martin wants to keep an eye on her too.  But mostly gut feeling."

Antoinette sighed, "But you know what she is.  We should just kill her, get it over with, she'll turn on us."

Dorian shruged, "She saved your life countless times.  I doubt she'll turn on us, at least not without good reason."  He turned and looked at her with a fierceness in his eyes, "Like someone trying to kill her.  Follow Dimitri's rules Antoinette.  Don't touch her.  Don't let her touch you.  Control your emotions.  Just don't treat her any less than you would Vin or I.  No person deserves that.  She is one of us.  You know that."

"You are right.  She is no different than before, it's my knowledge that has changed.  Perception right?"  She gave a curt laugh, "What's next working with reborn gods?"

Dorian laughed, "Not on your life."

Antoinette was glad to know that he at least agreed with her on that.  

The restaurant was nothing like the one in Rome that Victor had owned, it was squat little place, but inside, inside it reminded her of what it felt like to be home.  Dimitri had been her friend.  His untimely demise was something that still stung, she knew now why he had died.  All because of that little monster, he'd kept her hidden, and he died for his foolishness.  She had a lot of things to hate Aria for right now, and that was only part of the list.

Victor looked good though, she smiled brightly at him as he hugged her.  It was good to see him again.  

The food was exquisite once it arrived, Victor's chef was true to Victor's standards.  She couldn't fault Nox for suggesting it.  And free was well with in any hunter's means of living, even if you didn't get to choose what you wanted to eat.  

And then the world turned to hunting, Antoinette sat up in her chair and listened.  She was surprised to find that Nox was a tech guy, he didn't look like much - all tall lanky with not much to offer, he didn't even look like he had much fighting ability, he didn't have the walk of any hunter she'd ever seen.  He was too laid back, too happy.  The only time a good hunter was happy was on the hunt.  

Vin asked the most logical question and to her surprise Dorian was going to play the rich man he was.  There was a first time for everything.  He had never flaunted his money before.  Trying to impress the boy?  Not likely, impress his father more like it.  The end all and be all of Dorian's life style, started and ended with his father.  Take his father away and she was sure he'd be like every other hunter she'd known.  

Dorian wrapped up their meeting with a sigh, "My father's private airfield, tomorrow 8am.  The flight's already prepared.  We are hunting at least one god, bring your best gear and whatever else you think might be useful.  I'm not Martin, I won't tell you want to bring, you all know your jobs. I'll see the lot of you tomorrow bright and early."  He got up with little to no conversation.  He handed Aria back her wallet and smiled a thanks before he left after of course polishing off his glass of wine.  

All this talk of gods and Antoinetted had a funny feeling she had seen things that she should remember, know things about the worst of the worst. Ascendancy.  And then she remembered exactly where she saw it.  She sighed and everything fell into place.  Why Martin was interested in Aria.  Why Dimitri was dead.  

Aria and Nox had been pretty much keeping to themselves, avoiding the rest of them since their little spat in HQ.  But Antoinette had bigger things to worry about than the hurt little feelings of her former protege.  "Aria!"

The wisp of a girl looked at her, there was no emotion in her eyes, nothing shown on her face, she hated that.  "The Regus assigned you to Ascendacy?  That's what all that paper was hanging in that office we met in.  You found a connection between Vellas and Ascendancy."

Aria just looked back at her like she was stating the obvious, Antoinette smiled, "Regus sends you why?"

Aria smiled, it didn't reach her eyes.  "Because I'm expendable."  The girl turned and walked out of the room, Nox just watched Antoinette with a frown, then shook his head and followed Aria without saying what was on his mind.

Antoinette laughed, "Expendable."  She spoke to herself. "The Regus sends her on a suicide mission, no way she can kill Ascendancy.  But I guarantee you, Martin is going to use the little monster to get every ounce of information out of her before she's dead."  That made Antoinette feel so much better.

Antoinette got up and headed for the door, she hadn't realized she was the last one to leave.

She found Vincent standing outside the restuarant door cigarette in hand puffing what looked like his second one.  She laughed, "Still, Vin?  You know it's going to kill you right?"  

He laughed as she walked down the street, and yelled after her, "I'm sure something else will get me before cancer does."  It would be good to hunt monsters again.  Even if she had to deal with Aria - knowing she was going to die made her feel better.  It surprised her how much.  It would carry her through the rest of mission.


















