**** Aria ****

Aria didn't like being included in hunting for gods.  It was a major conflict of interest for her.  Her bestfriend was a godling.  She had let too many live, and had only killed one, and been the cause of another, yet she sat in this prestigious group of hunters because Dorian Vega saw it fit that she be there.  For whatever reason she had no clue.  Just another tool to be used.  Aria was almost warming up to Nox and Lucas perspectives, but she was what she was.  Everyone here save for Nox had made a name for themselves in the Atharim.

Dorian was a good hunter, a good leader, but he had a good teacher do it had not surprised her.  Martin Borovsky demanded the best of his recruits and his teams.  Even Antoinette had made a name for herself, the hunters of the female persuasion usually didn't hunt, it being pretty rare, and to live this long too.  
Vincent was not such a name that a hunter revered.  He was the man you whispered about in the shadows because you feared him.  He was a theif by trade, but he was a self proclaimed bad man.  He let you know he was not nice, and he was a perfectionist.  Everything went this way, or he'd have to redo it.  It was one reason why their spar back in the early days had gone on so long.  They both strove for the same perfection, the only thing that had allowed Aria to get the advantage was the fact that they both grew tired and their form was flawed.  It was only a matter of time before Vincent would have had the upper hand.

The three Old World hunters were part of the crew that Aria had idolized growing up, wanting to be them.  Knowing she never would, and now she sat here in the same breifing as them and Aria had a horrible pit inside her stomach.  Antoinette's feelings towards here were biting into Aria's shields.  The one person who had stuck up for her back when she was younger hated her, hated what she was, wanted her dead.  To say it stung was an understatement.  Aria clung to the safety net that Nox had become.  The hatred welling up inside threatening to pull the darkness forward.  The need to pull at her own fear and suffering.  

Leaving at the end was the easiest thing Aria had done all morning.  But before she could leave Antoinette called to her.  She'd figured something out, figured out why Aria was there.  And she was proud of herself, the venom was replaced with retribution.  She was happy Aria was sent to her death.  Aria had given her the only answer Antoinette had needed.  Goodie for her, she was happy now.  Maybe the rest of the hunt would go off with less emotional pull.

When Aria got back to the warehouse she didn't say anything to Nox, they hadn't spoken a word since the meeting had started.  Aria went to her room and locked her bedroom door and turned her wallet off.  Aria contimplated the dagger at her wrist, the pain it could inflict, the desire to hurt herself was drawing deeping again, she felt like the 10 year old who'd once cut her self to stay sane.  

But Aria removed her weapons and ran a cold bath.  When the tub was full nearly to the rim Aria took off her combat boots, and stepped into the freezing water and sank down to the floor of the cast iron tub.  Submerged the world sank away.  There was nothing but the still calm of nothingness.  Minutes, hours, an enterinty of nothingness before Aria came back up for air, only to repeat the process.  It was a cleansing ritual she'd not done in months.  Lucas and Nox had pulled her into a place of comfort and the woman she'd looked up to her entire life pulled it in around her, her new world crashing in on her.

She heard a knock, or thought she had when she rose from the freezing cold water.  She took a longer breath and listened.  The knock came again. But she could hardly hear it, and she could feel fustration on the otherside, her senses were too erratic to know exactly who it was, and at that particular moment she didn't care.

She got out of the water and walked, soaking wet and leaving a trail of water across the tile and wooden floor that would make the floor dangerously wet and unlocked the door.  Aria turned back the way she'd come and started back towards the bathroom, they'd open the door the next time he tried.  

Aria got back in the tub and started again.  Shallow breath, submerge.

**** Lucas ****

Lucas hadn't been worried. Aria wasn't answering again but he remembered when Aria had gone missing the first time. He had been worried but she had come back to him ok. Better than ok. That had been their first night together. It was better than anything he had experienced. When she came something snapped inside her and he felt her joy and pleasure and contentment reflect back to him, felt his own pleasure and love flow to her, cycling in some kind of loop. He'd never felt so connected to someone- known and loved. After a lifetime of feeling alienated and different- despite intellectually knowing it wasn't true- to actually feel what another felt for him...it was pure bliss.

She had climbed into his brain so that now, a portion of his mind was her, he was always talking to her, sharing with her, thinking of everything of life he wanted to experience with her. So he missed her. But he trusted her. Trusted that she was safe.

Still it had been a while and he wanted to see her. He texted Nox and he said they were at their place. He got on his motorcycle- finally something he could ride now that the worst of winter had passed- and was at their place in no time.

But Nox wasn't in a bantering mood, which was different for him. Oh he tried to joke and such, but it was more forced. Lucas' hackles began to rise. "Where's Aria?"

Nox nodded to the door. "She's been in there for hours.  Won't answer the door.  Maybe you'll have better luck.  We've another hunt coming up.  Her past hit hard today."

Lucas grimaced, his memory of their first evening together, when he'd drawn her the image, came to him. Learning of how isolated she'd been. His heart broke for her. He went to the door and knocked. No answer. He knocked a few more times, then turned and asked Nox if he had a key. Before he could answer he heard a click. But the door remained shut. He looked at it for a moment and then tried the knob. It opened. There was a trail of water on the wood floor leading to the bathroom. He closed the door and walked to the bathroom.

There was Aria, fully clothed at the bottom of the deep tub, under the water, eyes shut. He panicked and heedless of his jacket thrust his hands in to pull her out. Aria clasped his hands and pulled frantically at them before she broke the surface with a gasp of air.  Her eyes popped open with a panicked look before the water cleared and she saw who he was. "Aria! What are you doing? Are you ok?" He looked over her form, looked for any injuries or ribbens of red in the water. The water streamed around her hair and face but her green eyes shone.

"Fuck Lucas don't do that."  She stopped and looked down.  "Sorry, please don't do that again.  You scared me." 

He stared into her eyes, incredulous. "I scared you?!? You're under the water in your clothes! What are you doing?" His eyes softened and he hesitantly reached out a hand to touch her cheek. "Aria, I'm worried about you."

Aria pulled back from his touch and reached for the towel that hung nearby.  "I was destroying the feelings inside me."  She didn't look at him.  "Drowning away the pain.  I wasn't in any danger.  I'm not going to kill myself."

He looked at her for a moment while she toweled off her face. He felt helpless. It wasn't often that he was presented with her struggle. In truth, after than first evening together- and later when getting the tattoo itself and she needed a breather- it wasn't something that came up often. When she did call, as she did when they went to Mass, it was mostly her just wanting to listen to him. That somehow he was calming her.

But she needed more. He stood and moved back, so she could get up if she wanted to. He stifled the male need to just pull her to him or comfort her. Her shieing away from his touch said she wasn't ready for that. But he did look at her tenderly. "I do love you Aria. I'll be in the other room when you feel up to it." He didn't want to leave her. And he wasn't. Still, it took every ounce of strength to head for the bathroom door.

Before he got a step away she grabbed his arm, "You don't have to go."  Aria stepped out of the bath tub and pulled the plug, then sank to the floor her arms wrapped around her knees pulled up agaisnt her chest.  She spoke softly, he could barely hear what she said, "I saw my mentor today.  Someone who I looked up to growing up.  She knows what I am now.  She was spewing venom like a hissing snake.  Nothing could pull me back."  She looked up at him with tears streaming down her face.  "I felt 10 years old again.  I wanted to..."  She swallowed hard, like she was chocking on the words, "do worse things than drown the sorrows away.  I left my weapons in there so I couldn't."

His heart physically hurt. He sat down next to her, heedless of the water seeping into his jeans. He put his arm around her. She tensed but she didn't move away this time. He didn't pull her to him. Just let the feel of his body and arm try to warm her, to let her know he was there.

Inside he seethed and tried to stifle it. He prayed and took deep breaths. Aria needed calm, not his righteous anger. He looked at her tiny form and felt protective calm and love, focused on that, on his hope for her happiness and joy. It seemed to work. The negative feelings that had threatened to overwhelm him drifted away. His other arm went around her and he just held her. "I'm sorry Aria." It was all he could think to say. But he hoped she felt his love for her.

Silence followed, he didn't know how long, her small laugh startled him, "She was happy when I told her I was meant to die."  She leaned in to him.  "I'm sorry I worried you."

"Never apologize for that. I like worrying about you." After a few moments, "Let's get you out of those freezing clothes." He stood and gave her his hand. 

***** Aria ****

She looked up at him with a grim smile but she took his hand.  Aria didn't feel any better, if anything she felt worse, Lucas was trying very hard to be calm.  She felt his emotions go from up to down and steady but still he wanted to protect her.

Aria let him help get the wet clothes off, her limbs didn't exactly want to work anyway from the cold water. Once in a dry t-shirt and shorts she felt slightly better, but all she wanted to was curl up and die still.  

Lucas was patient, he waited for her sitting on the bed, heedless of his own wet jeans.  She could feel him, she focused on him and what he meant to her.  She stood in front of him with nothing left in her.

He stood and enfolded her in a tight hug, breathing her in. They just stood like that for minutes, he allowing her to take strength and comfort from him. Then he reached down and lifted her up into his arms and carried her to the side of the bed and gently put her in it. He took off his wet jeans and got in with her. Then he just held her, both of them under the covers, felt her cold limbs begin to warm. And then he held her some more.

Aria lost track of time, but even though she focused on Lucas, she could feel Nox in the background.  She was calm now but he was not.  And she was thirsty.  Aria rolled over and smiled at Lucas.  "You know what you mean to me?"

She kissed him softly.  "Thank you.  I'm not sure I deserve you."

He smiled at her and brushed a strand of hair from her face, his silver blue eyes lost her her emerald ones. "God brought us together. He thinks we deserve each other."

She smiled at him, "I hope you are right.  But Nox is going to drive me crazy.  Can you tell him I'm okay.  He's in the gym, pissed off and fustrated.  And he's going to undo what you just fixed if he doesn't calm down.  I don't want to explain things, not yet."

He smiled at her. "Yeah. You got it." He got up and padded in his boxers out to the other room. Nox was attacking a punching bag but stopped when he drew close. "She's ok, but still in a bad place. She can feel your anger out here and its making it tough for her."

Nox frowned, "She is okay though?"

"Yeah, for now. I got her calmed. But I guess your mood is sort of spilling over into her." He put a hand on Nox's shoulder. "This is your house, man. I'd not ask you to leave. Just letting you know."

Nox laughed, "You don't have to.  I'll go for a long walk.  Better than a drink right now."

Lucas laughed. "Yeah, I know what you mean. That was me for a long time. Thanks man." He went back to the room- swiping a bottle of water on the way- and climbed into bed with her. "He's gonna go for a walk." He handed her the water. "Good?"

She grinned up at him, "Yeah, good.  He disappeared the moment you said something."  Aria knew that Nox was walking for his own sake not hers.  Aria had been in water for hours, she shouldn't feel so thirsty but she did.  She took a long swallow.  "Thank you."  She tipped the bottle to indicate it was part of it, "For everything."  She set it down on the side of the bed and curled up into Lucas's arms.  "As much as I'd like more, I don't think I can do more.  I don't want to hurt you.  And we've a plane to catch at 8 AM."

He raised an eyebrow as if wanting to test her. His hands even moved playfully over her body. Aria stifled a moan before it escaped, she really couldn't go there right now.  She was barely containing herself now.  But then he stilled them and pulled her to him so that he could feel every inch of her. "I'm content." Then after a moment. "Can I come?"

Aria sighed, "That wouldn't be a good idea.  I don't want you anywhere near these guys.  And we are hunting gods."  She squeezed his hand, "I wish you could, I don't think Dorian would want a civilian along, particularly one tied to me."

He sighed. "Alright. Well you have to call me then." His arms went around her stomach and then he just relaxed.

Aria smiled, but knew he couldn't see, "I will call you every chance I get.  I'm sure Mr. Rich Fancy Pants isn't going to be far from civilization at any point in time."  She laughes softly.  "A private plane to the Netherlands because Dorian's father is concerned Dorian isn't sending enough of his company's money."

She felt his body stir with silent laughter. "And I just get to stay home. We could have some fun in a fancy hotel. Silk sheets? Threadcounts and all that." He nipped at her ear. "I guess I'll make do and hang out with Sergei."

Aria laughed more, but she tried to sound sorry for leaving him behind, "I'm sorry.  Have to be a good little hunter, our lives depend on it."  She closed her eyes and sighed with contentment, "I'll make it up to you when I get back."

His hands played again. "You better" he whispered with a growl.

Aria drifted off to sleep in Lucas arms content with the knowledge that he was always there for her.

**** Nox ****

The entire morning was just completely out there.  Dorian had spent the night sleeping on the couch.  Aria and he hadn't slept well.  The meeting with the group of hunters they had to work with at this present juncture set Aria off into a foul mood.  Her former mentor being the major cause of the whole shit storm.  But Nox did have to give a hand to Dorian, he handled everything well.  Probably the reason he was in charge of this rag tag bunch.   He knew why he was along, and it was rather sad, he was there only because of Aria.  He knew he wasn't worth anything, not a big name like the others.  He knew the downward spiral of depression.  He'd watched his father walk the line and then completely fall.

Once they'd left Victor's his life came crashing in.  He knew without a shadow of a doubt he wasn't the only one feeling it.  He knew his mood was likely because of Aria's.  She shied away from him, falling back into old habits, she had even pulled on the gloves, even though he knew she wasn't cold.  He left it be.

But back at the warehouse, she went to her room, closed her door and her heard the distict sound of the lock clicking over.  Clearly she didn't want to talk about it.  So Nox did the only thing he could do.  He got things ready for their impending trip.  He wasn't looking forward to flying - again.  But it was a small contingent of people and there was less worry for Aria, still she was trapped but it wasn't nearly as bad as a commercial airline.  Dorian probably flew in style a lot from the looks of everything about him.  Must be nice to have that sort of money.

Nox started packing his things, his clothes fit into his one bag, it was pretty much all his clothes, he'd not bothered to buy more than he'd brought with him from the States.  A few pairs of jeans but plenty of t-shirts and the rest.  Enough for him anyway.  Aurora's wardrobe had grown, she enjoyed shopping, most girls did he found.

But the personal items were just normal things.  Nox made sure to pack his laptop, Aurora had some cool toys that didn't translate to the apps on the wallet well, but mostly it had to do with searching and processing things, more high tech stuff than he cared to, but Aria even with her technophobia knew how to use it, so he brought his, Aria's was not present in the warehouse anyway, she was busy scanning journals back at her old place with that one.  

They could access that data from his, so it was all good.  The weapons were by far the most fun things to pack, he didn't have to worry about customs or carry ons or whatever, private fucking plane and all.  He packed his cross bow and several rounds of bolts.  He sighed as he left his sling of random objects hanging.  He didn't want to be tempted, but he decided it wouldn't hurt to take it with a few modifications.  He set the sling to the side so he could make the modifications.  He packed his father's sniper rifle and the ammo for it.  He packed a few handguns with a few extra clips.  And he packed the sword he'd been using to spar with Aria.  He hoped to the high heavens he'd never need it but it was good to have it with him since he was going to powerless.  

Nox made sure to pack all the landwarriors he had.  They weren't anything special, but they were hooked into the app, and Aurora wasn't around to program any new sets.  He had three sets of landwarriors.  He hoped Aurora wouldn't get pissed at using hers.  But she hardly hunted anyways.

Nox double and triple checked the gear in the armory for usefullness before he grabbed the weapons bag and the sling.

Nox grabbed a can of black spray paint and sat down with the sling that held his odds and ends in glass containers.  He'd chosen glass on purpose.  Glass broke, another added bonus if he was in a pinch.  Each vial contain something specific.

The sling was an old one used in the army to hold rifle shells.  Nox had found some glass vials that fit snuggly into the straps meant for each round.  Nox picked up the one holding the small pebbles and shook it before he sprayed the vial black on the outside over an old shirt so he wouldn't ruin Aurora's counters.  Then he set it upside down so it could dry with out smudging the paint.  

When Nox started on the small vial of toothpicks he heard a knock and then the key slide into the lock.  Only person who would knock first is Lucas.  Nox continued his work and spray painted the glass container black.  

He and Lucas exchanged words about Aria, which sent Nox back into a depressed state.  He was worried Aria was going to hurt herself.  Nox listened to Lucas knock and he knew he was getting fustrated as well.  He asked about a key, which Nox didn't have anyway, he'd given them all to Aria, maybe he should ask for one back.  

Nox gave the remainder of the vials the same treatment - the homemade napalm, some pine pitch, the glass dust he'd collected from a glass worker, the metal shards from an iron working mill.  Nox checked the pocket on the sling, it contained a small container of baby powder and several brand new batteries.  Every single item in the sling meant to be thrown with his power and to inflict damage.  He sighed as he wouldn't be using any of it, but he had to take it.  He would run for the rest of his life if he had to use it, but he would use it to save Aria or his own skin.  Maybe even the other hunters if he was feeling generous at the time.  But he was no hero.  

Somewhere in the middle of his chore, Lucas had been allowed entry.  Nox smiled, but the fact that Lucas was now taking care of Aria made him slightly jealous.  He knew why it hit when it did.  He'd been feeling like shit all day.  Feeling like he should help her but he didn't know how.  He could pull her back but he couldn't make her find that happy place that Lucas did.  They each had their jobs, their areas of expertise when it came to Aria.

Nox packed away the slign in the bottom of his weapons bag.  Aria was still packed from the trip to Siberia.  She rarely unpacked.  Her entire belongings fit into one bag.  One bag!  Depressing.

Nox had nothing else left to do.  Both of his bags and Aria's lone bag sat by the door ready for their early flight.  Flying, damn, he'd forgotten about that.  Minor panic rose up inside.  Nox started for the gym, might as well put the pent up enrgy and fustration at something useful.  The hanging punching bag had been taking a beating lately.  But that's what it was there for.

He didn't know how long he'd been there when Lucas stepped into the gym doorway. Nox stopped and Lucas informed him that Aria was better but Nox was making it worse.  FUCK!  He was having a bad day, it reflected back on Aria, he pulled the power around him.  Lucas was good to Aria.  But Nox knew he couldn't stay here, not right now.  He went for a long walk in the cold air.

He walked for two hours, before he made it back to the warehouse.  He was tired, and he slept, but dreams of his father's death, and the horrors of his mother's woke him from what fitful sleep he'd gotten.  Nox got up and made breakfast, the sun was still down, but they'd have to leave for the Vega's private airfield soon to make it before take off.  He almost wished they'd be late and they'd take off without them.

**** Vincent ****

Thankfully Dorian's meeting was short after the eating part, Vin was dying for a smoke or three.  He'd downed a beer before the food had even arrived.  It was still early in the morning and he was drinking a beer.  He'd known better.   It set the precedence for the whole day.

There was little more excitement before he left after Dorian.  Nox and Aria were fit to be tied, Antoinette wasn't looking much better.  He was dying for a smoke, so he'd slipped out and was starting his second one when Antoinette snuck out the front entrance.

She nagged at him about his smoking, he didn't really care, something was going to get him before he died of cancer anyway.  Hunters don't live long.  The Kid's father was evidence of that.  He wondered why he didn't want to be called Kid, but whatever, until he heard other wise it was Kid.  Vin would stand by his jabs until he felt bad about them. And those feelings didn't happen often.

Vincent's gear was all packed back at the shit hole hostel he stayed at in Moscow.  The only good thing about it was the food, and the fact that it catered to a very specific set of clientel.  In the Red Light District, it had high enterntainment value, but it also housed more illegal accivities.  Vin could pick up any manor of gear he needed extra at a reasonable price.  Killing gods was not an easy task, and this one manipulated the weather, so they were going to need something to incapacitate her before she spooked.  He thought about it, he had purchased a few flash bang bombs and a few smokers too.  They weren't quiet but they would do in a pinch.  

He also picked up a tazer to go with his regular hand guns, his classic two short swords and handful of throwing stars.  He didn't fancy himself a ninja but sometimes it reflected in his gear and outfits.  Vin of course brought the black skulking outfit he prefered, jeans, t-shirt, all the purest black, even under a black light it didn't show lint.  It took meticulous cleaning to make that work, but there was nothing to see when you wore the right gear.

Everything was packed precisly in it's place.  Nothing would move, and with no customs he didn't have to worry about anything being rearranged when he got where he was going.  Two bags later Vin was ready to go hunting, it was still early, Vin snuck out to the nearest bar to have a drink or three before he would sleep till he had to go.  Hunting a god, a real treasure too.  He looked forward to it with great pleasure.

**** Antoinette ****

Antoinette found herself sitting alone at the bar in her hotel with a cosmo she was idly sipping at.  Her emotions had ranged from hatred to sadness and to righeousness when she thought about Aria.  Vin and Dorian had been all on Aria all night.  The boy was catering to her monstroseties by touching her.  He was probably so enthralled by her that he had no mind of his own now.  She hated the girl.  There were rules to follow, clearly everyone had gone mad.

But Antoinette had to put all of that behind her.  Aria would die, eventually.  Her death sentence already proclaimed.  It made her smile.  

She had already packed her things.  The crossbow and her guns were already packed, her gear was always sitting ready.  Hunting a god was going to need more than what she had.  She'd stopped at HQ and picked up some extra gear.  None of really much help against a god flinging any of their power at you.  Flack jacket wasn't going to help against a fireball.  Nearly everything in the armory was not going to do much against an unseen power.

There was nothing special about her gear, it was the first god hunt she'd been on when the kid wasn't dying of the sickness, or stumbling around.  This was the first one she'd been on that would not be easy.

When her Cosmo was finished she went to her room and crashed in the bed.  Normally she'd worry about not sleeping in another bed until the job was done, but the good thing with Dorian on the expenses, is he didn't follow most other Atharim rules of common sense.  Don't spend extravagent money, mostly because they didn't have any, but Dorian, was rich.  And not just his father or the company money.  Dorian had been rich the day he'd come to the Atharim.  She was amazed that his father had given his clearly gay son his inheritance when he turned 18 when everything he presented to the public was Dorian was happily married with a son.  

But then again Antoinette had never seen Dorian around anyone who thought he was straight.  Maybe that was the difference.  Either way she'd be sleeping in a bed almost every night she was sure of that, and probably better than she did normally.

Morning came quickly and Antoinette paid her bill and got in the cab and headed to the private airfield that housed the Vega's airplane.  Antoinentte was on pins and needles she was looking forward to this hunt.

**** Dorian ****

The meeting had ended well, or as well as could be hoped, he'd anticipated things going a little differently, but he didn't think Aria would want the back biting to follow her home, she seemed to be having issues with it the longer they all stayed close together.  So he let everyone go on about their day.  8am would see everyone together and ready to go.

Dorian stopped by HQ and spoke with Martin.  He didn't have much time for Dorian, which Dorian understood, but Martin did give him a cool new toy, not sure how helpful they would be, but they might as well test them out now.  

It was a maximum volume stun gun type idea.  It looked like a little sex toy on steroids.  It was phalic in nature but squat, the little blue light on top really finished off the impression.  Some tech guy was either laughing his ass off right now, or he was crying in shame.  Dorian just had to laugh.  

Martin had flipped the switch on the side, the blue light light up and a horrible sound went off, but only Dorian cringed for the two seconds Martin had it on.  It would stop anyone in their tracks.  Martin was of course laughing as he pulled an ear piece out of each ear and handed them to Dorian.  "There are six pairs in the case I have, they also double as two way communication, how they cancel out this particular sound and not other things I have no clue."  Martin placed the plalic object back in the foam nook created for it and handed the closed case to Dorian.  "That's about all I got right this minute Dorian.  I wish I could do better for you and your team."

Dorian laughed, "I like it old school.  We'll see where it goes, everyone's got little ones under their belt, we'll manage."

From HQ Dorian went to the Ritz, he'd forgotten again what he was wearing when he looked in the mirror before taking the shirt off to shave.  He shook his head.  He could still smell the wisps of smoke on the shirt as well as what he could recall of Nox himself.  He pulled it over his head, "What am I going to do about this?"  The complete inability to think 100% straight around him.  He was going to have to do something about that.  He wasn't exactly sure what that something was yet.  For now he'd tried to push Nox from his mind.  It wasn't hard when he wasn't around, but the boy had a way of say "Hey look at me" without ever saying a goddamned thing.  And it wasn't because Dorian was 'crushing' on him, it was something that he just did, he hid in plain sight, and Dorian knew he was hiding.  Nox did the same thing Dorian did, except Dorian hid behind his clothes and his money and his perfect life.  Just another reason why Nox drew him into distraction.

After shaving and the perfect shower, Dorian made the final arrangements for the plane and pulled his naked self into the silk sheets and went to sleep to think of the finer things in life.  His dreams were tinged with lust for a man he'd just met, how the dream had changed his thoughts of Nox from kid to man surprised Dorian awake.  He flatten on his back and swore at the ceiling in Spanish.  He really had to get Nox out of his head, or into his bed, either way it didn't matter.

Dorian tried to sleep again but when his alarm bolted him upright he knew he hadn't slept well.  His hair was disheveled and he was sweating, the heat in the room was too high, or that's what he told himself anyway.

6am brought breakfast and a quick shower to tame the mess of his hair he'd made going to bed with it wet.  He knew better than that.  Dorian had chosen carefully his attire for the plane, a pair of khaki's and a blue polo shirt, with matching belt and shoes.   The tribal tattoo on his right side that flowed from mid section of his front to mid section of his back was visible on the skin of his right arm as well.  And of course the oroborous on his left with the chinese symbol for son in the center of it.  The tribal dragon oroboros was not his favorite, but with the chinese symbol in the middle he could at least feign it represented Cruz.

Dorian arrived at 7:15 holding a sports jacket over his left shoulder with two fingers.  And some poor slop was dragging his luggage behind him to put on the plane.  

Dorian was doing the last of the plane inspections with the pilot when the first of the team arrived.  Vin was first.  He carried a wide variety of diffent sized luggage, mostly individual weapons cases, Vin was particular about everything.  It all had proper safety precautions, his personal assets in one bag, his professional gear in another.  Weapons in yet another bag.  His swords were strapped to his back because they didn't look like they could be carried any other way with the amount of gear he'd brought with him.  

Dorian waved over the poor slop who'd carried his luggage in to help Vin.  But Vin fussed more with the way the boy was carrying things than he had when he was carrying the bulk of his gear.  His peculiarities could get to anyone quickly but Dorian was used to them.  He didn't mind making sure that even Vin's seat on the plane was perfect before he'd even gotten there.  It wasn't so much that Vin needed special treatment, but he had a touch of OCD, and flying was one of his triggers.  Vin didn't fly coach, ever, he would sleep in a rats nest but he would fly first class to get there.

Dorian was on the plane helping Vin adjust to the plane's settings, trying to help the stewardess who was going to be on the flight adapt to Vin's desires, she was not perfect and Vin was having issues with it.  His voice became raised, and he was near to shouting when Aria and Nox hit the entrance to the plane.

Vin yelled, "I don't fucking want it that way!" and Nox turned around and left the plane.  He hadn't seemed overly skitish before and Dorian patted Vin on the shoulder and looked at the woman.  "Look, either do it the way he says or I'll find someone else who can."

She blushed the brightest color of red he'd ever seen on a person.  "Yes, Mr. Vega, Right away."

He rolled his eyes and she set to the task and Dorian went outside to see what the problem with Nox was.  Aria had followed Nox back down the stairs.  He looked down them and Aria was arguing with the poor boy he'd had on luggage duty, he grinned widely she was just as particular it seemed about her gear as Vin was.  She had handed him two bags, but one she kept at her side, she wasn't having any trouble carrying it.  Dorian stepped off the platform and down the stairs and he clapped a hand on the boy's shoulder, "It's okay I think she can manage that one bag."

"But sir, you told me to help the passangers with their luggage.  I can't do that if no one will let me."  The boy complained.

"Do what you can, you will still get paid.  I promise."  Dorian had to laugh.  His laugh cut off when he turned and saw Nox was as white as a sheet.

Aria spoke without looking at Dorian, "He doesn't like flying."

Nox glared at her.  "It's not the flying, it's the falling that bothers me."

She grabbed his hand and yanked it towards the door.  "I know Nox, but I'm sure Dorian's pilot is excellent at his job or he wouldn't work for the Vega's personally.  And as long as your play nice, there will be no holes in the side of the plane."

Nox punched Aria in the shoulder, "That wasn't my fault."

Aria grinned at him, "You were the one fighting with  your sister.  God saw it fit to smite you down."

Nox laughed, "God has no interest in me Aria, he likes poor sods like you who need shleps like me to hang around and make sure you don't kill someone."

She laughed, "Okay, better now?"

Nox shook his head and grinned, "No, but thank you."

The banter between the two was apparenty inside jokes, but Nox's color had returned to relatively normal.  They both looked like they could use a few more hours of sleep.  Dorian watched them for a few moments and hurried after them and directed them to a pair of seats near the windows, they faced one another and Nox looked pale again.  Aria turned to Dorian with a grim smile, "He'll do better on an inside seat away from the window."

Dorian looked around and the only pair like that was across from Vin and the empty seat he required.  "Vin you cool with guests?"

Vin looked up at who he was indicating, "Yeah, sure, just don't sit here, and don't kick me alright with those long ass legs of yours Kid."

Aria smiled, "I'll be sitting in front of you, he doesn't like the window."

Vin grinned, "Well at least a I'll have a pretty face to stare at while we crash and burn."

Dorian didn't think Nox could get any paler but he was wrong, he sat down hurriedly and tuck himself up against the back of the seat.

Vin looked concerned, "He ain't gonna up chuck on me is he?"

Aria shook her head, "You hit his trigger."

Vin looked apologetic.  "Sorry dude.  You stay there, I'll stay here.  And as soon as we are airborn I'll put these on and won't say another word the rest of the way."  He waved a pair of ear buds in in his hand.

Nox only nodded.  Aria smiled, "He'll be okay, he just needs to think of something else."  Nox turned and glared at her but Aria took his hand in hers and held it gently and he could see a visible change on Nox's face.  

Dorian was curious, "What are you doing to him?"

Aria smiled, "It's best I not say in present company."

Dorian knew it, she was controlling his emotions.  Nox didn't seem to mind, it actually seemed to help him, he wasn't so panicked looking.

Antointte wsd the last to arrive and had missed the whole event.  Antoinette was clearly lacking any luggage as she entered the plane.  Dorian smiled, "Welcome madam."  He bowed shallowly with a flourish.  He offered her an arm to show her the way to their seats. "I'll show you to your seat."

Antoinette wrapped her hand around his left arm turning so she could see the tattoo, "How old is Cruz now?"

Dorian grinned "19.  Started University last semester.  He's loving it."

Dorian had intended to have her sit with Vin, but plans changed.  He'd sit across from her so she wasn't too lonely. He could have sat in the cockpit, and helped fly the plane, but that didn't build much team unity with their leader off elsewhere.  He had a good view of everyone but Aria who was tucked in a corner with Nox blocking his view of her.  Nox was calm considering he was freaking out on the inside.  

The stewardess ran through mandatory proceedures and the plane left the air strip and they were off into the sky.  The light went off and Dorian got up and the stewardess started her round of refreshments.  Dorian took a glass of wine, it was early yet but he figured with this bunch he would probably need it.  He dropped a folder of information down on the vacant seat next to Vin.  And handed two to Aria, she smiled at him, Nox never even looked up as he stood above him.  His eyes were closed and his breathing shallow, he had fallen asleep.  Poor kid.

He handed a folder to Antoinette and sat down opposite her.  "This is the basic information about our goddess.  Her name is Frida Thygesen."  Dorian stumbled over the name, he hated foreign names.  "She ironically works as a meteorlogist at a local news station in Amsterdam.  Read up, ask questions, whatever."  He got up and stood above Nox again, he had intended to put this thing he had for Nox out of its misery before it all started, but now is not the time.  He put his hand on his shoulder and spoke to Aria.  "Can I borrow your wallet again?"

Nox patted his hand he wasn't sleeping afterall.  "Need help or you remember what to do?"

Dorian looked down at him and Nox still had his eyes closed, "I think I can manage, you don't look up to much."

Nox opened his eyes and Dorian saw that he was actually far calmer now that they were in the air.  Aria wasn't holding his hand anymore as she rummaged in her bag she'd stuffed under her seat.  She'd handed it to him with little ceremony.  Nox said, "If you need help let me know, doing something is better than sitting here."

Dorian asked, "Can you get up?  I need to set it up over there."  He pointed to the front of the cabin.

His hand still on his shoulder Nox stood up and he could feel Nox's shoulder brush along his chest as he did, Dorian was standing just a little too close.  Nox looked down at him it wasn't that much of a difference but he grinned lazily at him.  "I can move.  Aria will help if it becomes necessary."

Dorian didn't want to step away but he did and he waved Nox to the front and handed him Aria's wallet.  Dorian watched as he flipped through things, he wasn't paying any attention to what he was doing, just watching Nox's fingers dance over the screen.  "Damn it!"  Nox looked up confused.  Dorian shook his head.  "Nothing."  It wasn't nothing, but it was nothing Nox needed to know about now.  Dorian continued to watch Nox, as he opened up everything that they'd had before, and it all showed as they'd left it.  

The plane jumped and Nox slid to the floor of the plane looking a little paler than he had before.  He set the wallet on the floor and spread his hands and the holo screen filled the front of the cabin.  

**** Nox ****

Nox had not been looking forward to the whole flying thing.  On top of the events of last night Nox was not quite himself by the time they actually reached the plane.  A man in a white suit took his bags, Aria refused to let him take hers.  He was fine up until the point that he heard Vin yell and the anger vibe made his carefully crafted world crash in on him.  He had been not thinking about the plane, but everything about the plane crash centered on his anger at his sister and his sister's at him.  Now a guy was yelling and Nox didn't want to get on the plane, he turned around and nearly knocked Aria down.  

She picked herself up off the railing where she'd fallen and walked back down with him.  Nox could feel his heart racing, feel every pore on his body spewing out sweat, his hands were clammy and he knew he was having a panic attack.  

The guy in white started bothering Aria again and she was pulled away from him to fight with the man, why she couldn't give up her bag he didn't know it's not like there was anything special in it.  Well maybe except it carried her entire life in it.  And he knew it was exactly that, her entire life.  It made Nox feel guilty for feeling alone, she had been alone her entire life.  It definitely didn't help his case at the moment though.

Dorian came over and Nox knew this wouldn't look good, it was weakness.  But Dorian didn't seem to make a big deal of it, for which Nox was grateful.  Dorian sent the man off without Aria's bag and gave his attention to them, no to him.  Nox noticed Dorian's concern.  It was the last thing he noticed before Aria yanked him along, dragging him to the plane while rattling off about the hole in the plane.  He paled, but he knew it was a joke.  He threw a secret out in plain sight right back at her with gusto, it had made him feel better.  She basically reminded him they were in it together and he'd be fine, but he was not doing well still but he was grateful for Aria's attempt at cheering him up.

Dorian lead them to a pair of window seats that were just two, nice except he couldn't sit by the window, not and expect himself to calm down, thankfully Aria spoke up and he sat them down across from Vincent. Vincent was trying to be funny, but there was nothing funny about crashing and burning that Nox thought was funny.  Aria grabbed his hand as took it to her body and cradled it to her chest.  Normally that would have been something, but today he was completely not himself.  Besides Lucas had already done that and he wasn't going to step on Lucas' toes.  Lucas was her boyfriend, even if he or Aria didn't think so, there was only one way to say what they were to each other.  And it was something Nox didn't think he had ever wanted until he'd met Aria.  Not that he wanted to be with Aria like that, not anymore anyway, it just stung now, being alone.  He was on the outs with his sister, the only family he had, his parents having been dead for 5 years now.  Wow, 5 years.  And Aria had Lucas, Nox sighed and pushed away his feelings.  

Nox focused on Aria's hands around his, and it helped.  By the time the light ticked off for movement around the cabin Nox was half asleep.  Nox felt Dorian standing next to him, his legs brushed his arm on the arm rest as he handed Aria something, but Nox didn't open his eyes.

From behind him Dorian started to explain the package, told them to ask questions.  Nox would have been a smart ass if he had thought he could speak without croaking out nothingness, his throat was dry.  The stewardess stopped and asked Vincent, "Can I get you anything sir?"

Vin nodded, and gave very specific instructions on what he wanted.  Apparently the woman wasn't doing it right because Aria got up, "Move I'll do it."  Nox never opened his eyes, but he could sense the movement next to him, Aria had dropped his hand and he was doing okay.  He hoped it stayed that way.

The stewardess asked them if they wanted anything.  Nox heard Aria say, "We are fine, I got it while I fixed his."  

Aria placed a cold bottle in his hand.  He assumed she opened it as he raised it to his lips and took a sip.  He wanted to know exactly what he was drinking, it tasted expensive.  Maybe not knowing was better.

Somewhere along the lines Dorian had stopped talking and he came over and stood by him again, his legs brushing up against his arm again, and he put his hand on his shoulder.  Nox almost looked up at him, but that would have just been weird.  He put his hand on his.  It was warm, Nox still felt clammy and cold.  But he offered his assistance with Aria's wallet despite the feeling of despair and fear that corsed through his body.

Dorian had pretty much said you look aweful, stay here, but Nox would feel better doing something.  nox hadn't realized Aria had taken his hand again as she'd sat back down, but he noticed when she let go of his hand to get her wallet and surprisingly the panic inside didn't rise.  But then he had another warmth on his shoulder to focus on.  He had to do something other than wallow in self pity.

Nox stood up, with Dorian so close his shoulder brushed along the entirety of Dorian's body, Nox stood with Dorian almost uncomfortably close to him.  He looked down letting Dorian know Aria would fix any issues if he had any panic attacks while he was not sitting down.

Nox leaned against the table against at the front of the cabin as he flipped through the screens to get the data back up for Dorian.  He could feel Dorian's eyes on him, watching him.  Dorian swore.  Nox looked up, what had he done wrong? But Dorian didn't actually look like he was mad at him.  He recognized the look but he couldn't exactly pin point it, he chalked it up to his being so out of it and he set back to working on the wallet.

The plane hit turbulance and Nox's heart jumped into his throat.  He sat down on the floor and finished what he was doing.  He set the wallet down and spread his hands across the interface, everything grew large.  He really did feel like Tony Stark.

Dorian sat down on the floor next to Nox and leaned back against the wall.  Nox was surprised he sat on the floor.  Nox laughed, "Tony Stark would not have sat down on the floor."

Dorian leaned forward  with a smile, "Excuse me?"

"Tony Stark, the guy I mentioned the last time I did this for you."  Nox reminded him.  He took a swallow of the beer he held in his head.  "He'd probably had this though."  

Dorian laughed, "The movies Aria likes."

Nox nodded, "Yeah, she got stuck in the archives.  She wasn't supposed to be there.  It's really the only story I have heard from her that didn't involve training.  But anyway.  She was in the library at the Vatican, in a section she shouldn't have been.  They locked up, didn't know she was there.  So she spent the night in the movie room watching old movies.  Her favorites were the Iron Man saga.  Something about a normal person being a super hero appealed to her.  Not that Tony Stark was normal, he was like you.  Rich and had an enourmous amout of resources."

Dorian flicked at the screen in front of him and tilted his head, "Should I take that as a compliment?"

Nox grinned, "Take it however you want. I'm easy either way."  Nox motioned towards the weather patterns.  He looked up at Aria sitting watching him with a grin.  She raised an eyebrow in question.  "Hey Aria, these weather patterns, they are just locations, can we get the actual weather pattern and where they fell?"

Aria looked at the data from her seat then got up.  Aria pulled up the a weather site and started tapping away at things.  Dorian asked him, "What are you thinking?"

At that particular time Vin and Antoinette joined them, like he was going to say something important.  They wanted in on the discoveries he thought.  "If I were to play with the weather, my reasons could be I was tring to keep people away from a specific place.  Probably not near my home.  I may live in Amsterdam and that's where the news is.  But there might be a pattern in the exact locations, like where a tornado path might not hit or does hit."  

Aria laughed, "And he pretends to be an idiot most of the time."

Nox kicked Aria's feet and she grinned at him.  "Hey I can be smert when I want too."

Antoinette rolled her eyes at him but said nothing else.  Vin chuckled at the interaction before he grabbed something on the screen and dropped it on map.

**** Vincent ****

The toy the kid brought was actually kinda cool.  He told a story about Aria getting stuck in the archives.  He remembered hearing a story of a few kids that happened to.  Except they had gotten caught and were spending the time smoking joints he was pretty sure Aria wasn't them.

The jab Nox took at D made Vin laugh, Tony Stark, he remembered watching those movies too.  And this interface did remind him of it.  

And then he saw what the Kid was talking about.  The screens Aria was flipping through, he touched her shoulder.  He hadn't realized what he'd done, but it had made her stop and she looked at him but he felt no different.  Crisis averted, he used the same hand and grabbed the bit of information he'd seen and he dropped it on to the map.  

It didn't do what he expected, but Aria smiled.  "Almost."  She grabbed a different peice of information and added it to the piece he had dropped and instead of the dot that had shown up, it laid a plot of the tornado track.  

Vin smiled, "Yeah like that.  This is what you are talking about right?  This building wasn't hit, but this one was.  So if we overlay all the weather patterns we might see what area's overlap."

Nox nodded but the plane jumped again and he paled and his eyes went to the floor.  Dorian's hand went to Nox's leg and Nox seemed aborb whatever strength D was giving him.  He would have said something but D hadn't been exactly doing more than comforting the kid, if he was wrong he didn't want to make matters worse.  He'd play nice for now.   And Vin knew all about triggers, best thing to do was to keep your mind off it.

"So I know we are planning and all but tell me why Kid bothers you so much?"

Nox frowned but he looked up as Vin standing above him.  "My father called me Kid.  And I'm not exactly fond of recalling my father right now."

Dorian asked, "Why your father was a good man?"

Nox turned to look at Dorian, "He was.  But he abandoned me and Aurora when life got tough.  He drank himself into a stupor.  Aurora and I found him dead in a pool of his own vomit after we'd gone to kill some monster or another because he was too drunk to do it himself."  Nox frowned and looked to Aria who was kneeling next to him with her hand on his shoulder.  He patted her hand and gave her a sideways smile as he continued, "So needless to say my last memories of my father aren't great.  I'd rather not hear his voice echo at me everytime you call me."

Vin nodded, "I don't think Boy will do either.  I'll have to think something else up, so if I just call 'Hey you' you know who I'm talking about."  Nox laughed, and Vin was glad to see it. 

**** Antoinette ****

Antoinette had to give Nox credit he had a good theory.  And apparently he played dumb more often than not, stupid kid down playing his usefulness.  He'll get himself killed one day because of it.  When the plane jumped again Vin changed the topic to distract Nox he was pretty sure.  Fear of flying she suspected.  Hell of a thing for a hunter to be afraid of.

But Aria moved to him as Nox started telling the story of his father's death.  Poor man, a great hunter didn't deserve to die like that.  He should have gone out in a blaze of glory, Antoinette asked, "Why was he so bad off?"

As she asked she starte dropping data like Aria had on the map, the weather patterns started to emerge, maybe they'd find something useful.

Nox took a little while to answer, Aria was whispering something to him, she only caught snippets of it, she was basically telling him he didn't have to say anything, they could read the reports.  But he shook his head, "My mother died."  His pause said it was difficult to say, "She was mauled to death by a hell hound in front of me.  I couldn't do anything, see anything, I stood there frozen."

Antoinette frowned, "I'm sorry I asked.  And I'm sorry for your loss.  I can see how that would change things for your father.  It would change things for everyone.  I remember when Aria and I lost Cai on a hunt."

Antoinette sparred a look at Aria, she'd returned to her work on the map.  But she saw the frown on her face.  "We weren't close with Cai like you were with your family, but Aria felt her die.  It had been a tough trip."  It hadn't occurred to her how bad it really had been for Aria.  She hadn't know what she was.  She sighed.  "Aria I'm sorry.  I'll do better."  She sneered, "Though I still don't understand why you survived where every one else would have been put to death.  And I'm glad you have been sentenced.  But I will refrain from..."

Dorian laughed, "casting dirty looks at her?"

Nox looked up at Antoinette with a frown, "from spewing venomous thoughts all over the place."

Aria gasped at her friend audacity.  Antoinette didn't know what to say to that.  "I'll control my emotions, I'm out of practice."

Aria laughed, "You know that's worse right?  Just be yourself.  I can deal with that.  But when anyone tries to control their emotions they are erratic which is far more distracting and dangerouns than the venom you spew because you hate what I am."  Aria turned to Antoinette, "I know I'm a monster to you now. I get it.  I understand.  Just don't pretend to like me because you want to spare my feelings.  I could care less."

Vin chuckled, "Back bone remember Red?"

Antoinette shrugged, "I'll try not to make it worse for you.  Just stay away alright."

Aria shruged, "Whatever."

**** Dorian ***

Dorian was glad the team was working together, at least to some degree, he was concerned about Antoinette and Aria.  It was something that he could have stopped by not inviting one of them.  Sadly he wasn't sure he could have done that.  Antoinette was good at her job, and he wanted to give Aria a chance.  And without Aria he wouldn't have Nox sitting next to him either.  His thoughts continued to betray him.  

Nox sat there oblivious to how Dorian felt, but then again he wasn't exactly in the state to be thinking about making advances on the kid.  The whole story about his family made Dorian sad, and it made him understand him a litle more.  But he pushed Nox from his thoughts and watched what the others were doing.  

Dorian wasn't sure he saw a pattern like Nox said there might be.  But the weather pattern was making the map all pretty.  He laughed at his thought, it sounded so childish, but then he saw something.  Dorian stood up and put his hands over the map and drew them out, like Nox had done to the whole thing.  The map only got bigger.  "Can we overlay sattilite imagry?"

Nox pulled up a site and Aria pulled it the imagry and dropped it onto the map.  And in that instant the buildings all popped into place and then the pattern was apparent.  There was a warehouse building that was pretty much on the outskirts of Amsterdam that seemed unharmed from most of the weather activity which looked like was mostly wind related.  The strange weather seemed to be an after effect of the changes in the weather.

Dorian smiled.  "I think that while Vin's checking out her place, the rest of us should check this out."

Aria frowned, "Where do you think she'll be?  I don't think Vin should go alone.  I can tell when they use their power. I..."

Dorian interrupted, "Wait, there are no gods on your record."

Aria smiled.  "I'm the reason Father Stone was branded a traitor."  Dorain raised an eyebrow and her smile turned dark.  "I was looking for missions where gods had survived.  I found Sonja and when I dug deeper I found Father Stone's connection to her.  I tracked her down.  When I got there she was in pain from withdrawl.  She made a small fire in the trash can.  She basically disappeared."  Nox didn't look at Aria the whole time she spoke, there was something not right about that, he knew the story that much he knew but he kept watching everyone but Aria.  Aria was continuing on, "I followed her around when I had time to figure out what was going on, and see what else I could learn.  I never reported it because, someone would kill her and then I'd not have anything else left to study."

Dorian nodded, it seemed reasonable but he had an off feeling about it.

**** Aria ****

Aria didn't like telling the lie, she could tell that Dorian suspected something he radiated doubt, she sighed, she hated lying to people but she couldn't tell them that she'd let countless godlings live, or that her best friend was the reason she understood the power that this godling had.  She knew more about it than she dared let on.  But she really didn't think Vin should go alone.  "Whereever the godling is I can sense her before she uses her power, it could be helpful if it's not a direct attack.  I should go where you think she will be.  Some warning is better than none at all."

Dorian laughed, "You are right, but I don't think you should go with Vin.  If she's hiding something in the warehouse you will be more useful there.  Antointette you'll go with Vin, and stay outside, heat vision goggles would be really great."

Nox laughed, "I can do you one better.  I have the land warriors, three pairs, it's all Aria and I have.  They have night vision, heat vision and probably other visions I've not figured out yet.  But more importantly is it can record their surroundings and we can review it later.  They can have two.  And the three of us can have the other.  Aria won't wear a pair anyway.  And actually they'll probably hinder Vin too with his ninja like sneaking stuff.  But he'll need them if we want to discover anything missing.  We might be able to rig a camera into the system."

Aria sighed, "It's too bad Aurora's not speaking to us."

"I think we have a starting plan when we land."  Dorian stood up and sat down in one of the seats he stretched his legs, like one had fallen asleep.  "I've a hotel booked, 4 rooms and a common area for us to share.  There are five of us.  We'll have to work out arrangements."

"Nox and I can share, we've done it before."  

Vin chuckled, "I'm sure you have."

Nox looked up with an expression that cut Vin's laugh off.  Vin added, "Meant nothing by it Kid."  Nox stood up and Aria stepped between him and Vin, doing so snapped the program shut down into the wallet's screens and looked like a jumble on the screen.  Aria's focus was on Nox, she looked up at him and he looked down at her then walked as far from Vin as he could manage to sit down in his seat.  He was angry at what Vin had assumed.  He shouldn't have been, it's not like other people hadn't assumed the same before.  But he was not fully there today anyway, he was pretty down and lonely.  Aria sighed as she turned and watched him walk away.  She smiled at Vin, "He's having a bad day.  His trip to Moscow had him falling out of a plane that was crashing.  So don't hold it against him please."

Vin laughed, "No wonder he didn't like my comment."  Vin leaned in and whispered to Aria, "He's got admirers, does he know?"

Aria smiled and shook her head, "Not at present."  Aria stole a glance at Dorian who was watching Nox with interest and concern,  she whispered back to Vin, "Though I think he's aware of Dorian's attention, I'm not sure he understands it."

Vin laughed, "Yeah D's being real careful, which is unusual.  But then again, he's never had eyes for anyone he's worked with before."

"There is a first time for everything."  Aria smiled, "You cool to chill with Antoinette or Dorian for a few minutes while I get him back in working order.  He's seething right now and I don't know why."

Vin nodded and went over to Dorian and sat down in front of him and started chatting.

**** Nox ****

Nox was sure that Dorian was going to take over when he sat down next to him, not exactly sure why the man chose to sit on the floor like he had.  Nox had his reasons, the largest being he couldn't fall over sitting on the floor when the plane would jump because of turbulance.  Turblance was noe the bane of his existance.  The goddess was messing with things, and the closer they got the the Netherlands, the more turbulance there was.  And the more everything bothered him.

Vin's joke should have been received with jest, it was after all just that a joke, but Nox's humor was on short supply today.  Falling from a plane did that to you.  Hell he knew he was depressed and lacking sleep too.

Aria had come to sit next to him, she put her hand on his leg and leaned back in the chair, "You all right Nox?"

Nox frowned, "You know I'm not."  He didn't meant to snap but he was just not in the mood.

She didn't say anything more for several minutes, letting Nox sit in quiet self pity.  He hated himself for it.  Aria frowned, "You need to stop all this Nox.  It's not doing you any good."

Nox leaned forward and looked over at her leaning agains the seat, "Nothing I can do about it."

Aria looked in Vin and Dorian's direction and he wondered what she was thinking.  She turned at him and smiled, "Just don't judge a book by it's cover."  She patted him on the knee and got up and headed towards the back of the plane.  Nox leaned back in his chair and wondered what the hell she meant by that.  He closed his eyes and concentrated on breathing.  They'd be landing soon, and that was not going to be a fun trip down memory lane.  

The moment the plane dipped in decent Nox's heart jumped into his throat.  It wasn't much, just a small slight tilt of the plane, one probably no one else noticed but Nox did.  

Aria came from behind him wiping her hands on a towel, a real towel, not one of those throw away paper cheap things that are rough on your hands.  The towel was white, with a blue hem and had blue letters embroidered across it "Vega".  Aria sat down next to him and put her hand on top of his, he could feel her cold hands from the water in the washroom touch his skin and it sent shivers down his spine because the moment she touched him the plane jerked and the gasp that escaped Nox was not quiet in the least.

Aria squeezed his hand.  Nox hadn't noticed that Vin was seated he whispered to Aria, "He going to be okay?"

Aria didn't answer.  Nox didn't so much as see but feel someone sit down in front of him.  Vin cursed but he didn't say anything.  Dorian's voice spoke carefully, "Sorry Vin."

Dorian calmly spoke, "Look at me."

Nox didn't respond.  Aria squeezed his hand reassuringly and Dorian put his hand on his knee.  He wasn't buckled, their knees touched he had to be on the edge of his seat.  It was a soft command, "Look at me."

Nox obeyed and opened his eyes.  Dorian was perched on the edge of the seat.  Dorian gave him half a smile and a small laugh, "I can teach you something that will help.  I'm surprised Aria hasn't done so already."

Nox looked to Aria, she shrugged, "He hasn't taken to it for weapons, I gave up."

Dorian nodded, "Well let me try.  Listen to me Nox, do what I say exactly as I say it."

Nox waited for instructions.  Dorian nodded, "Close your eyes."  Nox stared incredulously at him.  "I know come one listen to me.  I promise it will help.  But do exactly what I say."

"Fine."  Nox croaked out as the plane hit another round of turbulance.  He closed his eyes.  Dorian's voice was the only thing he focused on, Aria had let go of his hand, he wasn't exactly sure why.  "Your biggest emotion right now is anxiety.  Picture the words on a peice of paper.  Picture a flame in your mind, a huge bonfire, a small candle, whatever you prefer.  Hold the paper with the word anxiety on it over the flame, in the flame, watch the paper burn and curl and turn to ash in the flame. Let it go, and with it let all the anxiety you feel go with it."

Nox popped open his eyes and turned to Aria, "That's what the candle, zippo and paper is for?  You physically did this to help you?"

Aria smiled and nodded, "Do what Dorian says or he'll have to start over again."

Dorian did start over again, but Nox didn't mind, something in Dorian's voice was soothing, like he'd done this a million times over the course of the years, and he might have for all Nox knew.  Nox pictured the word on paper and watched it curl into the flame.  When it was finally gone, he didn't think there was much difference, But Dorian continued, "Take your fear, and do the same, watch the word burn away, taking with it all your fear."  And on and on through each emotion, until there was nothing left.  Nothing but a complete senese of calm.  Aria wasn't touching him, and the moment he tried to move he lost the connection.  Nox whispered mostly to himself, "Damn."

Dorian laughed and patted his knee, "Try again.  I'll talk you through it."  And he did, exactly the same as he had before.   And he lost it again as the plane hit the tarmac.  Nox looked up with a grin, "Thank you."

Dorian smiled and sat back in his seat.  "Keep practicing and Aria can show you the great things it can do other than make your panic attacks subside."  He turned to Aria, "You rush him.  Teach it slower, I know you use it everyday, it's second nature to you.  Remember why you have the physical items in your pocket.  Just don't rush them."

Aria nodded and squeezed Nox's hand.  It was actually the best he'd felt in days.  He could feel everything at the edge working their way back into his head, but it had felt good to be rid of it, and the power seemed to sit at the edge of it, watching waiting, it beckoned him to come play from that empty place.  Nox wondered if the two were connected in some way, or if it was just the power of this light in his head, to seek out the empty places and try to control him.  But that was for another time, they were almost up to the disembarking area and Nox could almost breathe normally.






