**** Martin ****

Dorian's words had crept into his head.  No matter how much he tried to be angry at his friend for suggesting that the little whelp of a girl who was also a monster was actually an asset, he couldn't find flaw in anything the report said, any report said.  She was pretty by the book.  

He would think on it.  Martin did have uses for her after all, maybe if Dorian was right, maybe she might work well, but that was for a latter date.  He had been sent a missive from some person or another stating that a well-to-do investor was looking for information that only Martin could give and to expect his call at 8am sharp.

And as Martin thought the caller was late.  It was now 8:30 when his wallet rang.  "Please hold, while I connect you to Mr. Gottschalk"

Martin knew that name, but he couldn't place it.  Martin waited for another five minutes and his temper started to raise when the familiar voice of Jörg Gottschalk spoke, "Mr. Borovsky, sorry to keep you waiting, it has been a good 10 years since we've had the pleasure of speaking."

"Mr. Gottschalk, my time is no more precious than yours, what is it can I do for you this early morning?" He tried not to sound irriated but the failure was evident in his voice.

"Right to the point," the voice on the other end of the phone said smuggly.  Martin thanked the heavens that he was not on video chat as he rolled his eyes.  "Well then, you've a team that is currently heading to the Netherlands?"  He didn't wait for Martin to answer, it seemed he already knew that answer  "I was hoping that you could send me details on that team.  I think I might have them look into something for me while they are there.  It is of Atharim interest of course, otherwise I would not ask.  But it's a matter than needs delicate hands."

Martin nodded, "Anyone could have gotten you that list and information."  Martin sighed, "No wait, sorry, Dorian's list is still sitting on this stack of paper."  He quickly threw the names and public file docets of each of the hunters on Dorian's team into a file and shot it over.  "Is there anything else?"

Martin could almost hear the man smile, "Can you give me a quick run down on these individuals.  Your opinion is highly valued over there in Moscow now I hear."

Martin laughed, "My opinion has been highly valued for years sir.  But fine I can give you a synopsis of the individuals.  Dorian Vega, I recruited him, I trained him.  He's an excellent hunter and leader despite his appearances.  He's not to be underestimated.  Excellent swordsman and marksman.  I trust him with my life."

"Vincent Auclair, also recruited and trained by me.  You sir, have encounter Auclair in the past, an artifact went missing from your residence, which we kindly returned.  He's an excellent burglar, swordsman, and in all circles known to be a bad man.  Stand clear of his triggers and you'll get along just fine with him.  He's not delicate as you would probably like but he's a good man to have in on a fight and if you need stealth he's your man."

"Antoinette Cailot, classically trained by Father Dimitri, she's a good long range gal to have along for the ride.  Experienced with hunting with Furia, and other similar abilites."  He didn't exactly want to tell this man, they had a monster working for them.  That would look bad.  Aria's public file still said Furia, and that's what he'd tell anyone who asked outside the small circle who already knew.  "She's highly skilled and well rounded.  She also speaks fluently several languages."

Martin sighed, "Aria Piccolo, Furia.  Good hunter, Excellent tracker.  She was classically trained by Father Dimitri but unlike most of his followers, prefers the swords to modern technology.  She has worked closely with Ms. Cailot in the past and speaks more languages than her. She's pretty close to a walking Atharim text book given the amount of time she's been studying in the Atharim."

"And finally Nox Durante, an American Hunter," Martin tried not to spit out the words, "also born into the school of Atharim.  Good record, excellent marksman.  Being American, newly indoctrinated into the organization he's a bit of an unknown with little record, he partners with Ms. Piccolo."  Martin flips through some of Dorian's notes concerning their last mission, "He seems to be well acquainted with technology uses and their application to our jobs."

On the other side of the phone Martin could hear the man breathing but that was the only indication he had been listening, "Very well," the caller sounded satisfied, "I will read the reports.  I assume contact information is available."

Martin nodded, "Of course.  They are on a critical mission and I would suggest sending Dorian a text and let him call you when they are not in the field."

Gottschalk ended the call with a quick thank you and until next time before hanging up his end of the call. 

**** Vincent ****

Vin decided to let Red drive while he got ready.  He wasn't the type of man who cared that the woman drove, he preferred not to anyway, driving required concentration and Vin was easily distracted.  So he had plenty of time to sit and think. 

He reminisced on Nox teaching Dorian how to use the land warriors. It was a trip watching Dorian, Vin was pretty sure Dorian had a bit more knowledge than that, but was playing it up, or down rather so that he could spend more time with Sparkler.  He smiled at that.  Sparkler.  It was the perfect nickname for the kid, he was a hot head, someone who was all show but he'd seen very little to back it up.  It fit, and the little song actually giggled at the name, he wondered why but it didn't matter really, he was happy with it.

They neared the residence of one Frida Thygesen.  The neighborhood was pretty much like any suburban neighborhood in the Netherlands, and pretty much anywhere else.  The houses were spaced close together, with drive ways and sidewalks separating the residences.  Little white picket fence streched in front of this particular development site.  It was quaint.

Red parked two blocks away from their intended location.  Night had fallen, but it was still early,  you could thank the shorter days of winter for that.  Thankfully it was not bitter cold, or Red might freeze her pretty little arse off out in the middle of this mission.  But really it was something everyone on the team except maybe D would be used too.  It still boggled his mind when he thought of the things D had come from, wealth and prestige.  But he was a good hunter, there was not doubt about that, even if he liked staying in fancy hotels, everyone had their own vices.

Vin skirted through the back alleyways between the rows of houses, more likely to get called on by the police if someone saw him lurking about, but it was also the least likely place to be seen.  Dressed in all black and wearing black face paint, Vin was ready to take a gander into the goddess living quarters.  He put on the goggles and found a small greeting from the little song on it.  She was manning the input for any disturbances and to send the calvary if necessary.  Not that Sparkler and D would be doing nothing while they were out hunting this goddess, they were tasked with checking out that mysterious warehouse.  Aria was with them, Vin didn't expect the goddess to be here.

And he was right, the house that she owned was dark inside.  It was too early for sleep, and probably even too early for the meteorologist to be home from her shift on the television station she worked for.  Vin crept up to the back door and when he found it locked he pulled out his tool kit and deftly picked the lock.  

The door knob turned smoothly but the door creeked as he opened it slowly.  It was a lot slower motion than he had anticipated to remain as quiet as he liked.  In his ear he heard Red yammering on about the heat sensors not working, everything looked like it was on fire.  Aria was trying to talk Red through the settings, and Vin had to turn off his ear peice as he went inside the building.  
His goggles were working fine, but then again he had night vision set and not heat, because well he was recording everything he saw in the house.  Nox said he hadn't needed to look at everything, that the software was good enough to pick out the important details.  The first floor was empty of all people, and really it didn't looked lived in at all.  It looked like a house he would keep, and did in France.  He never actually got to step foot in the place often, because he was rarely home, but he did take a month off here and there to kick back and chill out.  This house was devoid of personality, there were no pictures on the walls, the furniture looked like it was staged, there was no dust anywhere.

Vin never made it upstairs as he heard a loud thunderous noise, he could have sworn it was thunder itself, but there had not been a cloud in the sky.  Moments later he heard a load rush of something, he didn't know what it was. 

**** Antoinette ****

Outside the house a bush by the neighbors house was the perfect place to hide, she could easily see all of the goddess' house, her back was to a wall so no one could surprise her and it provided good cover from the street and from anyone inside either house.  She was going to be as invisible as Vin was supposed to be.

Antoinette had the land warriors on that Nox had gone over, she had them at optimal settings for both night vision and infrared.  However everything was looking too warm no matter how she adjusted the goggles everything seemed too warm, Vin was nearly invisible in the heat map.  The small ear buds that Dorian had handed out when they were in the room before he'd gotten all tech stupid with Nox.  She was still rolling her eyes at that.  He wasn't that daft, maybe he'd had too much to drink on the plane.  One could only hope.

But despite the young man's complete lack of observation when it came to Dorian, he was rather savvy with what he did know.  And she wished she had him on the other side of the coms instead of Aria.  Aria was with Dorian and Nox as they scouted the warehouse, but she was monitoring their coms and the feeds from the land warriors.  

Aria insisted, "The land warriors don't do that when the settings are messed up.  It's either on or off, something has to be changing the atmosphere."

Antoinette knew it was a possiblity, like when the heat came on in the winter, everything warmed up.  But this wasn't like that, it was consistant, everything in the vicinity of the house was too warm.  

While she played with the settings Vin went into the house with absolutel quiet and stealth, Antoinette would have been impressed if it were not for the annoying girl in her ear telling her that something was wrong at the place.  Aria voice had gone cold and distant, "Get out of there.  I think she's there."

Antoinette shrugged and took raised the landwarriors to look at the house.  She couldn't see Vin anymore, the heat sensors were working to a degree.  But here view didn't last long as someone sneered down at her.  There was a crash and a bright light and the last thing Antoinette heard was Aria's cold voice telling Vin to get out.

**** Dorian ****

The warehouse was located just on the edge of Amsterdam itself.  It was in a remote location surrounded by various other industries that didnt' make good city dwellers because of the polution and such.  It was a large building and 
it was pretty much abandoned which made their job all the easier.  

Dorian sat in the SUV as Aria stood outside scanning the area.  He'd never worked with a Sentient before, Furia could only track, but apparently Aria could tell you if there was anyone near by.  She nodded, "It's clear.  I can't feel anyone but us."

Dorian was skeptical, but then he didn't know the extend of her powers either.  Nox took it at face value and handed Dorian the third pair of goggles.  He grinned at him, "You might as well get used to wearing them."  The tips of Dorian's fingers brushed Nox has and sent a shiver through his body.  Nox smiled at him.  Had something changed?  Was he flirting with him?  No, he got the distinct impression from Aria that guys were not his cup of tea.  But that didn't mean things could change, but a guy like Nox was not likely to change for some random guy.  Dorian didn't beleive he was the type of guy to presure a man who didn't want him.  Maybe he should give up, but the smile on Aria's face when he glanced at her gave him hope.  Dorian wasn't exactly sure what he saw on Aria's face, but it was soft and caring.  

But it was down to business.  Dorian and Nox both took sidearms with them and nothing else.  Aria stayed with the SUV with her senses open to give them any warning of someone joining their little party.  She was monitoring the goggles for both teams.  Its not that Dorian didn't want Aria at his back, but he was unsure of the girls abilities and Nox at least was not an unknown in that reguard.  And she seemed more ameniable to staying with the computer than Nox.  He had frowned when he looked at him to stay with the tech.  He had almost pouted too.  Dorian had to push the thoughts from his head.

Once inside Dorian felt his wallet buzz in his pocket.  A text or call or some other notification.  He was glad he had the foresight to mute the thing before venturing into the system.  However shortly there after Nox's beeped softly in his leather coat pocket.  It was something that Dorian barely heard, but Nox moved quickly to mute it.  Thankfully nothing in their ear buds came through as warning.

The warehouse was full of nothing.  Absolutely nothing.  They went through rows and rows of empty shelves.  There was nothing here.  No secret rooms that they found, no empty crates, nothing but an empty warehouse, much like the one Nox lived it.  Dorian sighed.  "Well this was pointless."

**** Nox ****

Nox embraced the power the moment they got out of the SUV.  He hadn't felt anyone nearby holding the power, no chills, no menacing presence and Aria confirmed that no one else was around.  

Nox gave Dorian the goggles.  Nox was sure that Dorian had reacted to his touch almost the way a girl would have, he smiled at him out of reflex.  It didn't matter if he was a guy, Nox enjoyed making people react to him. 

The warehouse was empty, but there was a faint glow some places.  A glow that he'd never seen before, like left over weaves.  Nox was careful not to touch any of the glowing patterns, but it was clearly a man's work, he could never see a woman's weavings.  It had made trying to work with Aurora on complex things.

Nox shook his head, "Nah, there was something here.  They just cleaned up well."

Dorian gave him a quizical look, Nox grinned, "Just a gut feeling."

"A gut feeling?  Not sure I trust your gut.  I don't know your gut."  Nox laughed at Dorian's obvious attempt to add a little humor to the situation.  

Nox grinned and threw his arm around Dorian, "We can fix that."  And he pulled the boss man along before dropping his arm back to his side.  He added when they got near the door.  "I know something was here, and the little lady is working with someone else.  We'll figure it out."  

With the power still encasing his body, Nox heard Aria clearly instructing, "Get out Vin."  A moment later, "No leave her,  Just get out."  

Nox frowned, "There's something wrong."  He started at a run to Aria Dorian was only a second behind him.

**** Aria ****

Dorian and Nox headed off into the warehouse.  Aria could feel that no one was around, at least no one she could sense.  Aria assumed from the lack of concern from Nox that no one was holding the power in his vicinity.  It amazed her that he felt that, she wondered about his range, and they might have to figure out that range, too bad they didn't have many convinent test subjects.

Aria sat in the SUV with all the land warrior feeds on Nox's laptop.  Anotionette was complaining about the infared sensor, it had been working fine when she left.  Aria was sure something was wrong with the area, like there was a godling messing with the atmospher, but she couldn't exactly be forth coming as to why she thought that.  Nox had a trick, that warmed the air around him.  And she was a weather goddess or at least self proclaimed on.

Antoinette's feed went skyward and Aria knew she was watching without them.  Aria caught a glimpse of a shadow and a figure before Antoinette screamed.  There was a loud crackling noise and then everything from her land warriors and the ear peices went dead.  There was nothing.  

Aria spoke calmly through the bubble.  "Vin get out of there."  But he hadn't heard, he was still poking around.  Aria said it over and over and over again.  But Vin wasn't listening, he had to have turned off his ear peice with their arguing.

Aria started to panic just as she yelled, Vin's com's clicked in and he spoke in a quiet, "Jesus, Aria, don't yell.  What's going on?"

Aria took a swallow of air before she calmed to speak, "Get out.  Something's wrong."

"I heard a loud noise, and things shook."  Vin explained.

Aria insisted, "Get out Vin.  Just go, leave now."

"But about about Red?"

Aria sighed, "There's nothing you can do right now, just get out.  Don't get caught!  Please do it now."

Nox and Dorian were next to the SUV, both panting from the run over.  Before Nox could ask anything, Dorian commaned, "What's going on?"

Aria turned the laptop screen showing the dead feed from Antoinette, "She's gone.  At least the land warriors are destroyed.  I think the godling was there.  I have a shadow and an image but right now we have to get Vin out."

Dorian flipped the channels on his ear peice, "Vin get out.  There is someone else there.  Get out now."

Vin chuckled, "Already gone boss.  She said please."

Dorian laughed, "Is that all it takes to make you follow orders."

You could see the land warriors bob up and down in affirmation.  "Going dark.  Meet back at the hotel."  Dorian instructed.

Aria watched the feeds go dark except for Vin's vitals.  She sighed, "What about her body?  We have to know for sure."

Dorian nodded, "I'm sure Vin's got it handled, this isn't our first loss and it won't be our last.  Let's get going."

Dorian sighed as he climbed into the passengar seat and let Nox drive.  She was starting to wonder if Dorian even knew how to drive.  Or if he prefered to be chauffered around.  She grinned but she could feel the well of dispear that was bringing down Dorian, Aria should feel bad, but she was numb to it.  At least right now, there were more important things to worry about.  Like making sure the living got home safely.

**** Vincent ****

After he got out of the house Vin went straight for the SUV when Red didn't show up he made his way stealthly back to the residence.  It was all quiet, there goggles set to infrared worked fine, unline Red's had earlier.  He found Red's body charred to a crisp, there was not way to move her without causing a cascade effect and her body would be lost to the winds of time.  But that was exactly what he did.  Vin touched her cheek and she crumbled and floated away like ash from a fire.  It broke his heart to see her like that, he hoped that little song caught something on the video feed, he wanted to kill something.

D was not going to be happy, no one would be, losing a hunter was always difficult.  Losing one like this was the worst because there was nothing left to bury.

Vin was cautious as he headed back to the SUV.  He drove back to the hotel in utter silence.  He'd gone dark, and the anger festered inside.  He chain smoked the remaining pack of his cigarettes.  It was a bad habit, he should stop.  He laughed at the thought, because it was not his, it was Red's, still chiding him even in her death.

He was smiling at the thought when he parked the SUV and walked into the back of the hotel where he could get in and out without too much notice.  He found the second SUV already there.  He was grateful but also not exactly sure he wanted to deal with others at this moment.

When Vin opened the door to the suite he saw D hovering over Sparkler as they watched the video feeds.  He stood next to Dorian as they ran frame by frame through the last minutes of the feed, stopping and moving forward looking for the best frame to capture.  Vin asked quietly, "Where's little song?"

Vin saw Sparkler frown, and in just as quietly as Vin had asked, "She's in our room, talking to Lucas."

D put his hand on Sparkler's shoulder, it could have, and should have said something, but he was sure everyone needed a little comfort, even him.  He put his hand on D's shoulder and asked, "She okay?"

Dorian answered, "No.  Nox had to take away her weapons."

Sparkler manipulated the best frame they could capture as he spoke, "It was good she didn't feel her die.  She was fine until she was alone in her own head.  Things hadn't ended well with her and Antoinette, it's difficult to idlioze someone, and then they turn to hate you but without a warning they are taken from you.  And for Aria, that's even worse because she feels our pain, knows that what we all feel.  She will be fine.  She needs to calm down and then go hit things."

Vin laughed, "I think I can handle that part, I need to hit things too."

D smiled, "Maybe we should go get a drink or two let her talk with Lucas and give her some room?"

Sparkler looked up behind him with a wane grin, "Sounds like a plan, this will take a while to render anyway."

Vin smiled, "Right-e-o to the bar we go."

