**** Aria ****

They got back to the hotel.  Dorian's mood scaled down, Nox was not his jovial self, everyone felt the loss of Antoinette.  Aria most of all.  Not only had she felt her own loss but theirs plus the fact that she was angry with Antoinette and she was angry at her.  They had been close once.  Maybe not friends, but tolerable, and that was probably the hardest part about the way Antoinette had felt about her.

Aria sighed at the bathtub in their room, but Nox beat her too everything.  He looked down at her with a grim smiled.  "No I don't think so.  Go call Lucas.  You will not do this now.  When we get home fine, but here now.  No."

Aria wanted to hit him, and she let the impulse go, she slapped her fist into a wall of air.  It was a quick conjuring, he'd disappeared and pulled the wall of air up then let his power die, he wasn't going to play games with her.  Aria sighed and went to lie on the bed with her wallet, she'd call Lucas.  She took a deep breath and felt Nox removing the sword from her sheath, the gun from her back and the dagger strapped to her sleeve.  She sighed then punched Lucas number into the wallet.  Nox left leaving Aria to her call.  It took a few rings before Lucas answered.

"Hey Aria." His voice was warm. "Are you alright?"

Aria sighed, "Not exactly."  She paused trying to figure out exactly what to say.  "Nox prevented me from my usual self harm in the horribly small bathtub here, took all my weapons and made me call you."  She gave a small laugh, "I think they are all down at the bar drinking now.  Giving me space.  We lost Antoinette today."

She heard him sigh. "I'm sorry Aria." Her wallet chimed and she could see he'd requested video mode. "We can talk about it."

Aria pressed accept and set the phone down and curled around a pillow, she smiled softly, "Not much to talk about.  She died.  She hated me when she died."  A tear fell down her cheek.  "She'd been nice to me once upon a time."  It wasn't so much the loss that hurt, it was the chance that ther would never be any ammends.  "She went out on a hunt, it's the way we should all die."  Aria knew that was going to be the case for her, she hadn't really told Lucas about the end, the one that would come, eventually.  "We all know it's coming.  But when it happens it puts all our mortality at the front.  Even Nox who didn't know her feels the loss, feels his own loss, his memories float to the top.  Nightmares are going to happen all around tonight I think."  She knew there would be for her, there were amost every night when she didn't get a hunt in with a kill.  Living that night again without Lucas was going to be hell.  Another tear fell and Aria hid her face in the pillow she curled around.

"Ahh Aria. My dear sweet Aria. I wish I knew what to say. I know there's nothing I can say." He frowned. "Well, I can think of something. Just because she- and maybe some of the others- think you are a monster, doesn't make it true. God I wish I could touch you right now, could hold you. You have a gift. It may not feel like one most of the time, but you are special. But people fear what is different than them. She was afraid of you. The others are afraid of you. It's because you're different and they don't understand what it's like to be you. What you struggle with." He paused. "But I know. I know and I love and accept you. You aren't what you've done. And you aren't your demons. You are the person struggling for control."

Suddenly, his voice became more energetic, as if in epiphany. "No matter what, no matter the bad you've done, I know you." He almost said it in wonder. "And I accept you because I know you are struggling. No matter what."

He really didn't know what he was talking about.  What she'd done, why she'd done it.  Why it's a struggle everyday, why nox is required, why he can't come on the hunts.  Aria turned a tear streak faced to the phone and frowned, "You really don't know Lucas.  Not really."

He was silent for a moment, but there seemed to be peace on his face as he looked at her. A small encouraging curve to his lips. "I know there are things you haven't told me. That you've been afraid to tell me. But I know you. And nothing you've done changes that. Because I know that you desperately fight against the darkness." He shook his head slightly. "I don't know what just happened to me. But suddenly it's all clicked." He shifted his head and there was something very peaceful and zen like about it. His eyes were warm. "So let me show you what you really are. You can tell me."

Aria hid her face, trying to find the courage inside to tell him.  It brought tears, the memories, the darkness.  She pushed everything away until there was only emptiness.  She took a deep breathe and pulled the pillow into her but away from her face.  Her voice was cold, quiet and distant, all emotion gone.  She didn't think she could live through the memories again any other way.  Aria told Lucas about the dranaika.  How she'd found it.  What happened afterwards with Takeo but she didn't mention his name specifically.  

She told him about the reporter and the screw up with her ability.  The lack of control and the proximity of Dane.  She told him about Dane, everything.  Their mutual obsession with each other, his stalking her.  The fact that she found comfort in his proximity.  He taught her the control she needed to survive.  And then he made it all worse with just a glance.  Aria didn't tell Lucas the specifics of the actual deed, but she told him how she'd enjoyed torturing the reporter.  How she wanted to kill Dane, but couldn't because of how she felt.  She told Lucas about the kiss that spoke more than words ever could have, the explosion and killing the man who'd followed her.  She told him about the key she gave Dane, which she chided herself for not changing the locks sooner.  

By the time she was done with the story her voice was hoarse from talking too much.  But she remained devoid of all emotions.  She didn't want to feel anything, nothing.  She was glad Lucas wasn't there for it all.  She didn't want to know how he really felt about it all.  Nox had accepted everything at face value, he had blood on his hands too.  Lucas was innocent, he was a good man.  And Aria knew deep down this was going to cause issues maybe not now, but someday it would.

"Aria," he said softly. "Look at me." He waited. She saw his face and it hadn't changed. "I don't know what it's like to be you. To feel what other people feel. To know how they have felt about you since you were a small child, even those who were supposed to love and take care of you. I can't imagine the suffering and hurts you've carried with you. But I do know something about people. No one can go through that painful and relentless solitude and rejection without feeling powerless and angry. Without wanting to hurt someone in revenge." 

He paused. "I'm not saying it was ok. We both know it wasn't. But here's what I do know. You have every reason to want to hate the world. Every reason to vent your anger on it. People have done so for far less." He shook his head, as if remembering. "But despite all that, you have held onto your decency, to your humanity, even if it has been hard." He gestured to her. "Look at you Aria. Hurt at Anotoinette's death despite her rejection of you, the pain that her change of attitude caused you. That's real, Aria. That's a fact. You feel hurt that you couldn't make her see you and love you again. A monster doesn't feel that way. A monster doesn't agonize over their past." 

He paused again. "Do you think Dane cares in the slightest about anyone? That he is agonizing over what he did, scared to tell someone, to even face them, to see the look in their eyes? What would he do?"

Aria could feelt he tears streaming down her face despite the emptiness she couldn't keep the feelings back.  She was overwhelmed, but not in a bad way for the first time in her life.  She gave Lucas a weak smile.  "He doesn't care."

She wasn't sure what to do, what to say, she let the new feelings in, everything else stayed out.  It came out barely a whisper, "I love you."  She held the pillow close to her and really felt for the first time what she knew had to be love, not of her but for him.  

He reached out a hand to the display as if he could touch her. "Aria Piccolo. I love you. I know you. I accept you. All of you. And I will be there for your through everything." For the first time, she saw his eyes change a bit. "Please, don't ever give up on yourself. You are not a monster. You are human, with all the pains and frailties and needs we all have. Living as you have, as isolated and rejected as you have...well, all I can say is that you are an incredible woman." 

He laughed. "God, I imagine your life and contrast that to real monsters- serial killers and others like them. They didn't live with a tenth of what you have- the intimate knowledge of people's real feelings. And yet you have held on. Because in the end, it's about you and who you are at your core. You are the reason we can say Dane and people like him are truly monsters. Because you suffered far worse for so much longer and are still the woman that I love, a woman I want to love. Still human. I am proud of you. Proud to know you."

Aria didn't know what to say anymore, the world still turned outside her bubble of comfort, but Lucas had accepted the darkest parts of her without a seconds pause.  He loved her and she loved him.  It was nearly perfect except they were miles apart.  As much as she'd love to do more she wished he was there to hold her.  Aria smiled as she dried her cheeks, "Thank you for being you, for loving me.  I know tonight could have gone a lot worse.  And I suspect Nox is worried.  And since my control is volitale right now I'd probably hurt myself with any fun."  She grinned playfully at him.  "I should go take out some of that control issues on something a bit more inflexible."  

He smiled at her. "Ok. Just know that I love you. I accept you. And I am proud of you. Don't forget that. I hope you feel a bit better now. At least enough to be past the dark place. Will you call me later when you're done? Just so I know you're ok?"

Aria smiled happily.  "I'm better thank you.  I will call when I come back up to the room.  I love you Lucas." She didn't wait for a response before blowing him a kiss and hanging up the call.  Aria hugged the pillow tightly before she tossed it away and went to the mirror to at least look less like she'd been crying for however long it was.  She felt better, better than she had in a long time.  She smiled and went to go look for Nox, then to the gym to find something to hit.

**** Dorian ****

All plans fall apart.  But none so spectacularly as this one had.  It wasn't his fault, not really.  He had intended Vin to go by himself with no feeds of any kind, they'd have been left to sit and wonder what would have happened.  If not for Aria's suggestion they would probably not have a next move.  Sadly they lost a hunter, a good hunter.  It was hard losing one of your own, and even harder when it was your friend.  Not that it was a close friendship, but it was still a friendship.

Everyone even Nox felt the loss, and he hadn't know her long.  They had a lead though, but after Nox walked out of the room he was going to share with Aria with her weapons in his hand, he knew that not everyone was going to do well this night.  The sentient was feeling far more than anyone else he was sure.

When Vin returned he suggested a drink.  And that's what the three of them did.  The bar wasn't crowded at this hour, but it was slowly filling up.  They took a booth, Nox stopped at the bar and got their drinks.  Dorian had already told him they were going to drink the finest beer the bar had to offer, Nox made no objections but Vin had on the way down in the elevator.  Somethng about spoiling them.  

Vin sat at the edge of one of the high backed booth seats, making Dorian share with Nox, Dorian gave Vin a look that said he knew exactly what the other man was doing, but Nox had joined them with three beers.  He set one down in front of them and sat down next to Dorian without so much as a comment.  He half expected him to pull up another chair.  Dorian hadn't finished moving over on the cushion when Nox slid in next to him pressing his leg up against his.  It was not so casual to be unnoticed by Dorian, but Nox didn't react either, there was no additional movment to say he was uncomfortable.  Nox threw his arm on the back of the booth behind Dorian and  sipped at his beer.  He was playing with him, he had to be.  Vin was grinning behind his beer and Dorian wanted to kick him in the shin, but he refrained from it.

Vin raised his bottle, "To Red and her great run."

Both Nox and Dorian raised their bottles and clinked them against's Vin's.  They sat in silence for a while longer all three lost in their own world.

Until Vin leaned forward on the table, "So Sparkler, tell me what's with you and the little song?"

Dorian almost choked on the beer he'd just swallowed, but Nox grinned, "Not a thing, man.  She's like a sister.  Truly.  I flirt, she rolls her eyes."

Vin laughed, "You are a stronger man than I am.  A girl as pretty as her as my best friend would never happen."

"It's a lot easier when you don't think about it."  Nox grinned.  "She's naive enough that it's not so bad. She's not like most girls.  And I don't get away with much, when she can read me anytime she wants to."  Nox shrugged like it was no big deal.  

Dorian had watched the two together, they looked like they could be a couple, but there was no real interest in it short of the touching.  He had to ask, "What's with all the touching then?"

Nox turned to him with a grin that said he knew it was more tha idle curiousity, or at least that he knew Dorian had other reasons for asking.  "Aria's biggest desire is to be touched and to touch others.  It's purely platonic between us, it's comforting for her knowing I'm not afraid of her touch.  Unlike Vin, or Antoinette, ya'll don't touch her, you avoid her at all costs.  It's harrowing on her already fragile psyche.  And in reality it's nice when she shares that comfort.  But it has a dual purpose.  I've learned to break her influence, we have a battle of wills and no one knows the difference."  He grinned playfully.  

Dorian chuckled.  The conversation between Vin and Nox turned towards the women at another table.  Dorian listened idly as he watched Nox out of the corner of his eye.  A thought coming to him as he finished the last of the first beer, and ordering another.  He noticed that Nox's beer was still near full despite the number of times he'd pulled a swallow from it.  He played at being tipsy, it was a thought.

**** Vincent ****

It was remarkable how much Sparkler was like him, except for the one fact that seemed to be slowly showing, the kid was not backing away from Dorian's attention.  Vin wasn't sure if he was just that comfortable in his own skin to let a man who clearly liked him that close, particularly when Vin found it hard to beleive that Sparkler returned the attention.  

Though, maybe he was wrong and he swung both ways, it wouldn't be the first time he'd been wrong about a guy.  Dorian being the point and case.  He hadn't known, not when he first met in Spain.  Martin introduced him then at Dorian's estate, Vin met his wife and his young son.  He was a straight arrow, until the hunt, and then his entire demeanor changed.  He was more open, far more obvious that he enjoyed the company of men.  Not that he'd hit on vin or anything, but there were things that tipped him off.  Mostly when it came down to their conversations.  He was always quiet about the women in his life.  Sure could be chalked up to being married and all but that didn't feel right.

So he wouldn't judge.  It wasn't his place, and besides the kid was a lot of fun.  He flirted with the waitress, she blushed a few times when Sparkler complimented her on something.  They had been drinking long enough for a shift change in the bar, their new waiter came to see if they needed anything else, Dorian ordered a bottle of wine and Vin kept on with the beer.  Sparkler still nursed the one lone drink.  But he flirted with the waiter too.  Vin chanced a glance at Dorian the first time it happened and D just smiled.  

He was the center of the attention when the waiter or waitress came through.  Vin almost felt left out but because of Sparkler's flirting they got more attention and the bartender kept them supplied. Vin was dying for a smoke.  He was about to get up when the little song walked in and stood at the head of the table with a small smile looking down at Nox.  She had to see the closeness with the grin that spread to her lips.  The kid really was the only one who didn't see it.

"I talked with Lucas.  I'm better.  Thank you.  Where are my weapons?"

Spakler looked up at her, "What's different?"

She leaned down and whispered in his ear, the look on his face was more telling than the words he couldn't hear, he was surprised.  He didn't whisper, "You told him, all of it?"

The little song looked at him with a smile, "What mattered.  He knows what it all means now.  And he still loves me all the same."

He grinned and pulled her into a hug, "Happy for you.  Surprised you came down then."

Aria laughed, "I don't have enough control for that, I'd probably do more damage.  I need to go hit things."

Vin laughed, "Sex or hitting things?  I don't think I'd make your choice."  He got up with a glance at the pair opposite him then turned to little song, "I'm game if you are, but I need a smoke first."

Aria rolled her eyes, "That's bad for you, ya know?"

Vin smiled, "So I've heard.  Maybe I'll stop for her."  Aria nodded.  "So little song, shall we?"  She rolled her eyes again and waved him towards the door.  She patted Sparkler on the shoulder, "I'm okay." Then followed him out.

**** Nox ****

Nox felt completely helpless when it came to Aria's particular issue at hand.  She was a well of emotions and he wasn't Lucas.  There was no way he could comfort her, so he did the only thing he could, he made her safe and told her to call Lucas.  Once Lucas had answered he left her to him.  And set to work on the video that Antoinette's land warriors had picked up.  When Vin returned they went to get a drink, it was probably for the best.

Dorian was insistant about the type of beer, Nox only sighed, he wouldn't object but he'd pick it out, he didn't trust Vin nor Dorian to get anything worth drinking no matter what the cost was.  He waited at the bar for the three beers and brought the first round to the table, where they were already sitting.  His options were limited in sitting but he sat next to Dorian and surprised when he slid in next to him and Dorian hadn't quite moved all the way over yet by the time he was seated, his leg pressed warmly against Dorian's, it felt like they both froze, neither wanting to move.  The warm was welcome, lost in the despair of a lost hunter, the inability to help Aria and the knowledge that tonight he would not sleep even when sleep would finally take him over.  He felt the memories at the edge of his mind, he pushed away the visions of death and put his arm behind Dorian.  He saw the look on the other man's face and smiled, Nox laughed inside, he was confusing him as much as the other man was confusing him.

Vin toasted Antoinette and they sat in silence before the questions started again about Aria and him.  This time he wasn't in a foul mood, no plane rides to get in the way.  He answered with the truth, not that anyone ever believed him anyway.  Which carried into other conversation about women.

Eventually Aria came down, she looked like she'd been crying but had made an effort to be presentable.  She was happy, not lost, or broken.  He smiled at her.  She leaned in and whispered so only he could hear, "I told him everything.  He accepted it all, everything I did with Dane.  Everything."  

He was surprised, not that Lucas could accept it, the man loved Aria and it was about time they had everything.  But that also meant he wasn't quite so needed anymore and that was harsh on his emotional state but he hid it behind a smile.  He hugged her and whispered back to her, "I'm okay, don't worry."

She smiled down at him and confessed her need to hit things.  Vin decided to join her, which was probably good.  Though it left him alone with Dorian.

When they were alone Dorian shifted away from him, the cold that was left in the place his leg had touched Nox's made his emotions sink.  But Dorian turned to look at him, "I'm glad she's doing better.  You were worried about it, I could tell.  Family does that, worries you."

Nox grinned.  "Yeah.  But it also means she doesn't need me as much.  Lucas has all her secrets now, not much use for me anymore."  He hadn't meant to make it sound depressing but that's how it ended.

Dorian nodded and ordered him another beer, Nox hadn't realized he'd finished the first one.  "Don't leave me to drink alone now."

Nox laughed.  Dorian finished the bottle of wine and had a rum and coke while they chatted about family.  Nox learned a lot about his family as Dorian opened up.  His wife was seeing, though that was not the words Dorian used, their butler - had been for about 10 years.  His son was a few years younger than Nox, which made Nox slightly more confused about what was going on.  He knew Dorian liked men, but... if he liked him, Dorian was old enough to be his father which was a bit daunting.

Nox told Dorian about his sister, and about how he met Aria - minus the god powers.  Dorian brought up meeting his father again.  "I met your father once.  Good man.  I hit on him once.  He promptly told me of his wife and twins back home.  You had to be six or so.  Pictures were shown.  Cute bundle of you."  He smirked like he had another thought, to which Nox blushed, why on earth it had made him do that he wasn't exactly sure.  

Dorian continued a half smile as his only indication he caught Nox's reaction, "We were at an Atharim conference, of course it was toted as something else at a sci-fi/fantasy convention.  I think the track was called Monsters, Monsters, Monsters."  Dorian paused as he took another drink of the rum and coke.  "He was giving a lecture on quetzalcoatlus, sin eaters.  Your father was an expert on them.  Most of the North American hunters there were nodding in agreement, they aren't quite so popular here.  Bryan, me and Martin all had dinner and drinks later.  It was a good night.  I never thought I'd meet his son though."

Nox laughed, "It ain't nothing to meet me, I'm nothing."

Dorian shook his head, "No.  There has to be more to you than what your record says, a hunter like Aria wouldn't just choose a no body to be her partner.  She sees something in you no one else does."

Nox grinned, "Yeah, I'm sure she does.  She just wants to teach some poor sap to kill her if she becomes the monster we say she is supposed to be."  It was the partial truth, well it was all truth, except the some poor sap part.  She'd choosen him specifically for one reason and one reason alone, his power gave him an advantage over anyone else.  He could kill her no matter what she had gotten into as long as he could still touch the source.

Dorian sighed, "We should get some sleep.  We've got to figure out our next move."

Nox nodded.  "Right boss."  He grinned and stood up.

Dorian slide across the bench and wobbled the moment he stood up.  He swore, "Fuck, I don't think I've drank this much in a while."

Nox offered him a hand and Dorian waved him off, "I'll be fine."  And he was until they got to the elevator.  The pace had been slow, but Dorian tripped over the elevator floor and fell into Nox's shoulder.  

Nox wrapped his arm around the now hunched over Dorian with a grin.  "You sure about that boss?"

Dorian laughed, "Seems I was mistaken."  Dorian straightened himself and leaned against the wall.  Nox helped Dorian to their suite an arm around his waist to steady him.  He wasn't falling down drunk but he would probably fall into something and break it.  And the Atharim were unlikely to pay for damages to either Dorian or the hotel because big boss man had a few too many drinks.

The room was dark and Nox had no clue where the lights where, so they both stumbled to the room Dorian was occupying.  Nox found a lamp and flipped it on and helped Dorian towards the bed.  "Sleep now.  Plan later."

Dorian nodded and started to struggle pulling the t-shirt over his head muttering something about wrinkling his clothes.  Nox sighed.  "I'll help with the shirt and shoes beyond that you are just going to have to deal."  Nox walked over and pulled Dorian's shirt over his head, his fingers brushed the other man's side once and Dorian's breath hitched.  

Dorian leaned in, Nox thought he'd lost his balance, but Dorian kissed him tenatively, Nox put a hand on Dorian's chest to push him back, but the moment he touched his flesh Dorian's kiss pushed deeper with more passion and heat; Nox responded in kind, closing his eyes and enjoying the taste of rum and coke and the warmth and wetness of Dorian's mouth.

A hand grabbed the front of Nox's jeans and pulled him closer to Dorian.  Nox pulled away breathless and whispered with his forehead against the other man's , "Dorian, your drunk.  I'm not THAT guy, not with you, not with anyone, ever."  Nox pushed the man backwards, Dorian had no choice but to sit down on the bed.  Nox grinned at him, "Sleep."

Nox helped Dorian with his shoes and covered him up.  As he was walking away Dorian grabbed his hand, Nox turned to look at the other man, but Dorian had dropped off into sleep.  Nox watched the rise and fall of the other man's chest for a few minutes before he walked out and shut the door behind him.

Nox leaned against the closed door and ran a hand through his hair with a breathless sigh.  "Damn!"  Now he knew he wasn't going to get any sleep.

**** Aria ****

Vin went out front to the parking lot to grab a smoke, Aria found her way to the gym to see what there was to offer.  She was still in the gear she wore out hunting, as was Vin, he walked in and more of the heads turned because of his all black outfit drew that much attention.  Not to mention the woman stared because he was Vin, and Vin was like Nox only slightly less so, he didn't draw every eye as Nox would have male included because he's loud.  Vin isn't, he's just good looking.

Vin walked over to her with eyes trailing after him before they got back to their own work out.  He smiled and laughed, "I don't think we are dressed appropriately enough for them."

Aria smiled, "Oh well, we move just fine in them.  Looks like they hold classes her, they may kick us out later."

Vin nodded and danced around a bit, moving his limbs and warming up, everyone had their own pre-rituals to a spar, Aria had stretched on the walk, making sure nothing got pulled was good, and being ready for the spur of the moment fight was something they were both used to it was after all their jobs.

Vin took up a stance and they'd drawn a few more stares as Aria fell into a pattern walking around Vin, they moved and stretched and assessing the other.  Vin smiled, "Nox said something about you that made me wonder."

Aria threw a punch that Vin caught in the palm of his hand with a smile, "He said that I avoid touching you.  That it's worse because of that."

Aria swipped a foot underneath his leg and Vin fell to the floor.  "It is, but I see you've changed your mind."

He laughed and got up.  "Yeah.  Sparkler isn't so bad and he's touched you at any possible point, he's still what I assume is himself.  Except I think D's confusing him."

Aria laughed as they started to circle again.  "Yeah.  But it's good.  Let's fight."  Aria launched into a series of attacks, Vin countered.  

They danced around the small area, each of them blocking and punching.  Kicking and ducking.  From the outside it almost looked choriographed.  They drew a few eyes of people who were done with their workouts.  Aria lost track of time.  The last time she'd sparred with Vin it had been with swords, and it had lasted hours.  The dull ache in her arms and legs said they'd been at it a while.  The more it went on, the more people they drew at the edge of their circle.

Aria could feel the curiousity from them, the wondering.  She could only think they were asking themselves who was going to win.  Both Vin and Aria were growing tired.  Their movments slowed, their form slacked.  It was a repeat of their first spar only less deadly.  

Vin dropped his hands to his sides and Aria's round house stopped just in the nick of time.  Vin whistled, "No one said you didn't have control of that little thing you call a body.  We should get back.  I'm sure D and Sparkler have already gone to bed and we've work to do in the morning."

Aria smiled, "Dorian's asleep, Nox is not."  He raised his eyebrow as the crowd sighed with disappointment as they departed.  Aria laughed, "They are disappointed there was no winner."

"I wasn't trying to win."  Vin exclaimed.  

Aria nodded in agreement, "Neither was I, they were bound to be disappointed."

"So D's asleep and Nox is not.  Explain how you know that."  Vin inquired as he draped an arm over her shoulder.  Aria smiled at the friendly gesture. 

"I always know where Nox is, how he's feeling if he's close by.  Part of the downside of my training was, once I located a feeling to track, it stays with me until they are located and killed.  So there are certain people who I've tracked before, or taken their emotions into me that I can pretty much track them anywhere. It's part of how I survive.  At the Vatican I used Father Dimitri and Antoinette when out with her.  I have that with Nox and Lucas.  But I know Dorian's feelings enough to know he's close to Nox, but his emotions are quiet of those in a dream state.  Nox is depressed and exhausted but the nightmares will come tonight, and he seems to be confused about something."  

Vin nooded as if he understood it all, but Aria knew otherwise she smiled, "I could tell you don't beleive me."

He laughed and winked, "It'll take getting used to but I think it's good you have that insight.  And glad Sparkler knows you well enough to use it to keep you inline."  

Aria smiled.  "He has it covered no doubt about that."

**** Vincent ****

Their little heart warming bonding was done and over but Vin was glad for it.  The little song was not a monster, no matter what other said.  He was a monster, he enjoyed what he did to excess.  He knew this.  She was fighting it.  That's not what monsters do.  

The suite was common room was dark but Sparkler sat in the dark.  Aria sat down next to him but said nothing.  Vin had to, "Something wrong Sparkler?"

He didn't see well in the darkness, but he thought he'd shook his head as he answered, "Right as rain."

Vin laughed, "Nothing right about rain, it's cold and wet and just plain annoying.  But I get the hint.  I'm going to bed.  You two enjoy your alone time."

And that was what Vin did, well almost, there was of course the pre-bedtime ritual.  His OCD was complicated, he had rituals for something, but others he'd learned to use the randomness as the ritual, those really were usually out of his control anyway.

His mind wandered as he rubbed the butt of the last cigaratte into the dish.  He laid down with thoughts of Red and what had happened.  He was sure that if he'd seen the video in full he'd not be sleeping like Sparkler.  Vin drifted off to sleep and knew nightmares would come.  They always did when he knew the hunter who died.

Vin was right, the nightmares came and he was awake an hour later.  He sighed, and went out to the other room where he heard other voices.  Sparkler was talking to himself.  Vin cleared his throat and the kid turned towars him with a grin, "Can't sleep either?"

Vin laughed, "Did you even try?"

Sparkler shook his head, "Too much on my mind."  He went back to his work, he looked like he was playing with the picture he'd rendered earlier.  

"So he talks to you does he?"

Nox laughed, "Yeah he does actually.  But, I was actually swearing at myself.  I need Aria's wallet.  She's actually sleeping and I don't want to wake her up.  It's too annoying doing the searching on the laptop."  He sighed and got up from the counch and coffee table he was working at, it couldn't be comfortable, kids these days.  He walked into the bedroom he and Aria were sharing still.  No one really wanted Red's room anyway.  He came back up with a grin.  "She had it lying on the bed.  Forgot she'd called Lucas when she got in."

He sat back down, Vin leaned over the back of the couch and watched him as he flipped throw screens and moved with lightning quick speed, no wonder Dorian had been in awe.  It wasn't so much that he was in awe of the kid himself, but he worked on that little peice of technology quickly and it was taking Vin's concentration to keep up himself with what he was doing.  Kid was good he had to give him that.

The holo's popped up and he grabbed a computer icon that said 'Nox's laptop' and dropped it into the holo program.  And Vin was surprised to see exactly what was on Nox's laptop on the holo screen.  But now Nox was moving through options in the air, things were moving fast and he was using everything on the screen, grabing and then he dropped the image into a database and it started scanning for a match of the rending the machine had pulled.

Vin looked at him in wonder, "And your sister wrote that?  You sure you didn't?"

Nox laughed, "I can't program things.  I can use it though.  I'm not a technophonbe like Aria or Dorian."  He looked back over his shoulder at him in question. 

Vin smiled, "I'm not as bad as D or little song.  But both have their reasons."

Nox nodded, "I know Aria's and can guess Dorian's"

Vin laughed and came around and sat down on the couch near Nox.  Nox snickered at the approriate space between them.  "Never can be too careful," Vin joked, "D avoids anything his father would like him to do.  Technology is one of those things."

Nox nodded and leaned back against the couch back and took a sip of water, "What I figured.  Usually it's the girls with Daddy issues."

Vin laughed, "Don't say that too loud you might get an ear full about judging on preferences."  Though he raised an eyebrow at the kid, "You do realized don't you?"

Nox took a long swallow of water from the water bottle, it was hard to tell but Vin thought he was hiding a blush.  He finally nodded, and his voice was low, "Yeah, I think I figured it out."

"I don't mean that he's gay, Sparkler.  He likes you." 

Nox turned and looked at him with a dead serious face, it looked foregin on him considering that he was always joking,  his voice was quiet and cold, "I know."

Vin raised his hands, "Just makin sure kid.  You looked like you didn't."

Nox sighed and relaxed, he sat back, "I didn't, until he kissed me."

Vin laughed, "Now I would have liked to seen that."

Nox sighed, "I'd rather not talk about it.  I wouldn't talk about it with Aria, I'm not going to talk about it with one of HIS friends."

"I understand.  He was pretty trashed when I left.  I'm sure it was nothing."  Vin insured, then changed the subject.  "Anything I can do to help with this?"

Nox shook his head, "Now we wait.  You touched Aria.  That's a big deal."

Vin laughed, "And now we go personal again.  She's a good kid.  I should be a better person.  That's kinda hard to do in this line of work."  

Nox grined, "Yeah.  She appreciated it.  It was almost as enlightening as Dorian's kiss."

Vin punched the kid in the shoulder, "It wasn't like that."

Nox laughed.  "Yeah sure.  But she's taken anyway."

Vin would have quipped back with an insult to Aria, but he really wasn't sure that's how he felt anymore, he still wasn't interested but if the world were different he might tap that.






