**** Aria ****

Aria woke up while it was still dark.  Nox had apparently not gone to bed, he was a constant dull echo in her head, which in itself was good, she hadn't had any nightmares.  She woke to voices in the other room and her wallet missing.

Aria got up and took a shower and got into clean clothes, eventually everything would need to be washed.  She was wearing her favorite shirt, two stick figures one saying "Don't Worry, I got your back!" while holding the other's back - literally.  It made her smile, and it was the only shirt she owned with a saying.  

Aria left her weapons where they'd spent the night and walked out to the other room to find food, Vin and Nox chatting away about something.  Nox was the first to look up and he grinned as he read her shirt, "I love that shirt."

Vin looked over and smiled, "So very much not the little song.  But I like it."

Nox laughed, "Oh it's her, you just don't know her well enough.  I got breakfast this morning.  I beat you to it."

Aria frowned, "But you didn't sleep any Nox."

He got up and poured another cup of coffee, "I'm good, I got coffee."  Aria shook her head and made a plate.

"What ya'll got going here?"  She sat down in front of the holo screens and saw that the rendering was complete, and still searching databases.  "How long has it been going?"

Nox shrugged, "Since you went to bed I suppose.  He must be hard to find."

Aria felt Dorian wake up with a headache, "Dorian needs some OJ I think, did you think to get some?"

Nox nodded and poured a cup and a cup of coffee, "Yeah I knew he'd be feeling it this morning."

Dorian staggered out with his hand to his head in just his jeans. It was the first time Aria had seen Dorian without his shirt, the black tattoo that covered half his body was impressive.  She smiled as Dorian spoke, "Damn!  But you guys are loud and the coffee smells good."  Aria saw Nox watching Dorian, she wasn't sure what he was feeling as he had grabbed the power and hid from her, he was being protective of his emotions this morning.

Vin was watching them too, Aria could feel him holding back his comments.  She wondered what Vin and Nox had talked about.

Nox pointed to the cups sitting on the table, "You probably want both of those."

Dorian smiled and took the coffee mug in his hands and smiled, "Thanks."  He drank nearly the whole thing before he fixed a plate and sat down next to Aria and looked at the image on the holos.  He frowned, "I know him."

He had everyone's attention, and he smiled as he made them wait.  He took a bite of bacon and several swallows of orange juice before he continued on.  He was as bad as Nox, Aria thought.  "He works for my father.  I don't know what he does..."  Dorian paused as Nox stopped the search and changed a few parameters around on the holo screen, and three seconds later the image of Matías Villegas popped up on another holo screen with everything they ever wanted to know about him.  Dorian smiled, "Damn!  You know what you are doing on that."

Nox shrugged, "Only narrowed the search is all.  Nothing overly complicated."

Aria laughed, "Yeah, and he's no hero either."  Nox stuck his tongue out her but the others just staired at them like they were crazy.  Aria wasn't going to explain, they'd find out soon enough.  She asked the next obvious question, "So do we go after him, and hope he's with our weather goddess since they are obviously working together?  Or do we stay here and look for her?"

Nox flipped through a few more screens and smiled, "We go for him.  He went back home to Spain it seems."  On the screen was him and their air goddess on a security camera at an airport entering a gate for Madrid.  Nox sighed and Aria could feel the terror building inside, he knew what that meant.

But Dorian grinned, "How about a road trip?"  He rolled his eyes, "I'll survive a few nights on the ground or cheap motel if I have to.  But I don't think Nox will survive another plane ride."

Nox relaxed visibly, "Are you sure?"

Dorian nodded, "Yeah.  I'll be fine, promise."  He smiled.

Nox laughed, "Ain't you a doll?"  

Dorian's smile widened then quickly turned down, "I suppose I should let Anastasia know we are coming, and to expect guests.  I don't want to get yelled t."  He got up with a sigh.  "Leave before checkout, and use the rentals.  I'll have to call about that."  

Vin laughed, "I can do that, you call the wifey and I'll handly the SUVs.  I think I can pretend to be Mr. Vega."

It seemed they had a plan of action now.  Aria supposed that was a good thing, they were going to Madrid, she hadn't been there before.  

**** Vincent ****

No one really got that much sleep, nightmares and kisses seemed to be taking up most of everyone's night time slumbers.  He didn't envy Sparkler his dilemia not that Vin would have doubts about his reactions.  But he wasn't the kid, and he seemed to be a bit confused by it all.

Vin had taken on the chore of arranging to keep one SUV for their trip from Amsterdam to Madrid.  It wasn't overly difficult to pretend to be Dorian.  He had all the pertenant information and since Dorian was made of money, the company he used was used to dealing with his personal help.  Not that Dorian had any when he worked, just when he was at home and the butler or other staff could see to it for him.

Dorian had a driver for the SUV but they didn't need him for the trip down, and they hadn't had one before, he put the three of them on the insurance, Vin knew little song didn't drive, it was on of those things that had come up over the course of basic conversation with Sparkler while they avoided the topic of Dorian.

He'd met Dorian's family once.  His was was drop dead gorgous it was such a waste that Dorian wasn't attracted to her in the least.  But he'd heard it told she was screwing the butler or something.  Vin couldn't imagine a Jarvis or a Alfred boning some guys wife.  But there it was.  Though Dorian insisted that Christian was worthy of Ana's lust.  And he'd know, Vin laughed at his own thoughts.

Once everything was arranged Vin got his gear together and packed in their cases.  He really hadn't used much.  He had a small panic attack, he hadn't gotten the prior days clothes cleaned and he had to mentally prepare for that when they hit Madrid, things were going to be different while they clearly stayed on Dorian's estate.  To live the life of a king.  Now that was going to be interesting to say the least.

Aria and Nox were busy putting their gear away, it seemed to be strewn all over the common room, their gear being all the tech stuff that they used regularly.  He was impressed truly with their getup.  It made most of his prior hunts feel seriously lacking.  Days and days spent doing research following dead end leads.  And here they spent even less time doing that and they were already well on their way to hunting down not one but two gods.

Vin rounded up a cart to carry all their gear down to the SUVs.  The bellhop wasn't happy he'd snagged it and insisted on pushing it where he was going.  Something about hotel policy.  Vin sneered at the impossibly rich people policies.  Annoying is what it was.

He arranged his gear once the cart ws in their suite and he was set to go he sat back down on the couch and downed a few more cups of coffee before the started the drive.

**** Nox ****

Aria had woken up and wore the only shirt he'd ever seen her in that had anything on it.  It was one of his favorites and not because of the way it hugged her body, all her clothes did that.  

Vin had laughed, he seemed more friendly now.  Almost like a weight had been lifted.  Maybe it had, he'd sparred with Aria without weapons, maybe all that holding back had made him hold back from everything.

But it was Dorian walking out with out his shirt that caught Nox's attention.  The night before still played still frame in his mind.  The kiss, touching Dorian's chest, the way he'd reacted, but Dorian didn't seem to notice Nox staring, and he hadn't even really looked at him.  Nox felt a stab of disappointment.

Nox had only half heard the conversation, but he realized that he could narrow the search and set to wrking it out.  With a new plan laid out they each went to do their own duties.  Aria helped him with the computer set up, she didn't say anything, their conversation last night before she'd gone to bed had been short.  He had told her about the kiss, but that was the extent of it.  She looked like she wanted to say something, he whispered softly to her as he knelt beside the computer she was meticulously shutting down.  "Spit it out."

Aria looked at him and shook her head, "I can't."

Nox bundled up the cords before he looked up at her, "Why not?"

Aria smiled, and leaned in and planted a kiss on his temple.  "Because if I say anything to you, it'll make matters worse.  I know you.  I feel the tight knot inside you are trying to untagle.  If I tell you what he feels then it'll tie you back up.  If I try to decipher what you feel, I'll only make you doubt yourself."  She put a hand on his arm with a smile, "Nox, it's real no matter what it looks like.  Happiness does not come in a predefined package."

She left him with those parting words, taking the cords from him and carrying the laptop away to put it in it's bag.  Nox sighed.  Vin took that moment to sit down with coffee and Nox joined him.  

Vin grinned knowingly, "I remember my first crush."

Nox turned to look at him over the coffee mug, Vin continued, "She was a sweet girl, red head, carefree and a spit fire, not much unlike Red really."  Nox heard the note of sadness in his voice, "Sadly it wasn't meant to be.  The only girl for with whom I ever considered stopping what I do for a living."

Nox frowned, "Yeah, I don't do this....Ever.  Never crushed on a girl.  Now..."  he left the words unspoken but they rattled off in his head, _now I'm crushing on a guy._

Vin patted Nox on the shoulder, "Neither had I, neither had I.  Guys like us don't do normal.  I can tell you one thing though, it's not normal for either one of you."

Dorian choose that moment to come out, fully dressed, though he had changed clothes and loaded his things on to the cart.  Then sat on the arm of the couch next to Nox, "We have something to discuss before we go."

**** Dorian ****

Dorian woke up to voices.  His head hurt, despite the feigned drunken behavior from the diluted wine he'd passed off as real wine, he still had a hang over.  Nox hadn't rejected him.  He'd returned the kiss, and he probably would have continued farther along if Dorian hadn't gotten impatient and tugged at him.  If anything the boy had a moral code.  He didn't do drunken one nightstands, and for that Dorian was grateful.  He had almost asked him to stay the night, nightmare abounded and he'd woken several times in a sweat.  Images of death were like that.  Even if it was a monster, Dorian still had nightmares of the ghoulish things he'd seen in the course of his life time.

There was no point in getting more dressed, his jeans were already wrinkled and he needed a shower, but the coffee smelled so good.  When he opened the door, he saw Nox watching him.  He'd poured juice and coffee, Dorian had made it a point not to show him any additional favor.  It was truly excruciating, but he managed to make it through their brief conversation before he got up to call Ana.

Dorian went into his bedroom and closed the door behind him, then went into the bathroom and turned on the shower, at the very least it added to the privacy but warmed the water for a quick shower afterwards.

Ana answered, "Why are you calling so early in the morning Dorian?"

Dorian laughed, "I'm sorry.  Out working, time has no meaning when you spend the night up most of it."  Dorian could almost hear her eyes rolling, he grinned, "I've buisness in Madrid, I have three others with me.  With this be a problem?"

"When you expect to arrive?"  She didn't sound like it was a good idea.

"Two days.  We are in Amsterdam and driving."

"Why on earth are you doing that?  How long are you staying?"

Dorian laughed, "One of my companions freaks out while flying.  And I'd rather not have a hunter on rare nerves around my father.  My companion has bit of temper that is not palatable by my father, nor is his brand of humor."

Ana laughed, "Ah, well in two days your father is hosting a grand ball at the estate.  Your friends will be required to look the part, if they can manage that.  I know your friends are rarely suited for such situations.  But if that is your timeline, then you will need to be prepared."

Dorian sighed, "Is it that time of year again?  Expect us in two days.  I have a small lady with me, size 4 probably, can you see that we have something for her, I'm sure that Cruz and I can find appropriate attire for the two men."

Ana nodded, "What lucky girl gets to hang out with three burly men?"

Dorian smiled, "Oh, she can handle herself Anastasia, my dear, she's much like you in that regard, very in control."

"I will tell Cruz you are coming home then.  He... No We, look forward to your visits home."  Ana said almost lovingly.

"I miss the lot of you all greatly as well.  It will be good to home even if I have to work."  Dorian bid his wife farewell, then jumped into the shower.  He wasn't looking forward to the ball, it was a fundraiser for local charities that helped the poor with medical expenses.  The high and mighty buying a ticket to the grand ball for the occassion, all proceeds going to the charity, my father donating the time and money to host it.  It was one of his many charities, and it was always a good time - dancing, drinking and social networking - all under the guise of the perfect son.  Dorian had to put that face on now, this was going to go badly if he intended to persuade Nox into anything more than just a kiss.  Dorian wasn't even sure Nox was interested, even with the returned kiss.  How he wanted more...

Dorian finished his shower and pulled on fresh jeans and a clean t-shirt.  

He sat down next to Nox on the arm of the couch declaring the need for a discussion.  "My father is hosting a grand ball at the family estate.  There is no need for hotels and such there is more than enough room there.  However, it is on the day we will arrive.  All of you will need to look the part."

Vin was the first to respond, "How terribly inconvient, we get to attend a grand ball?"  He was grinning madly.  "I don't know whatever will we do?  Your wife said it was okay for you to bring home kids to play with at her fancy party?"

Dorian laughed, "She will have attire for Aria ready to go through, and Cruz and I should be able to find suitable attire for you two."  Dorian put his hand on Nox's shoulder and Nox visible relaxed, Dorian didn't look down at him, but maybe he shouldn't have ignored him so much earlier.  Dorian was sure he wasn't supposed to hear the sigh of releif under Nox's breath, but he had, but he didn't let Nox know he knew.  But Dorian's heart raced with excitement.

**** Aria ****

For once Aria knew how uncomfortable Nox felt around her and Lucas.  But it wasn't because of the cuddling and the physical contact, both Nox and Dorain emoted at her with reckless abandon.  Neither of them could help it, but she had to envelope herself into nothingness just to be in the same room with them.

Aria wasn't excited about the prospects of a grand ball.  As a matter of fact she was down right dreading it.  Aria hated dressing up, she felt so uncomfortable and out of place, if felt like people stared at her, and those that knew her usually did.  It made everything worse in the long run.  She would have been happier in the woods alone and dying that around a bunch of stuffy people all dressed in their finest, but she didn't object.  She just frowned and smiled weakly at the men.  It was not going to be a fun night.  But at least they weren't flying and Nox wouldn't be a mess. Not that he wasn't right now anyway.  

The SUV was packed, Dorian and Vin went to gas up and gather a few camping supplies, it was something none of them bought.  Nox took up the helm to get food for the trip.  Dorian had paled when Vin suggested he got with Nox.  Aria could feel the fear that hid behind his smile.  Nox had been disappointed, but it was never seen either.  Aria shook her head and Vin just grinned at her.  Maybe they'd figure it all out soon enough.

She and Nox got the basic staples of camping, at least by Nox's standards.  There was beer, a little higher in quality than he'd have purchased normally.  Nox would have made steaks but on a potential campfire that wasn't likely to do well so he opted for hamburgers and all the fixings.  He also picked up what he could for s'mores he called them.  He was treating this like some American camp out and intended to show off.  Aria wondered if it was for the benefits of Dorian, but it was probably not the case, he did pretty much the same thing at home.  They also grabbed a case of water bottles.  One could only hope that Dorian and Vin got a cooler, as Nox picked up a few bags of ice as well.

Aria sent Dorian a text when they were waiting in the queue to get out of the place.  Nox was babbling on about something, he enjoyed camping, he got to do it so little in Moscow, Aria thought she'd have to let him take her out more, to hunt real wild monsters.

Dorian and Vin met them at the entrance, the back was full of more things than they probablly needed for one night, but Dorian was a man of leisure and Aria had to laugh.  Vin was driving, Dorian sat in the passenger seat as Nox loaded the cooler Aria got into the SUV back seat.  Dorian turned around and smiled back at her, "He's excited."

Aria laughed, "You've no idea, it's been months since he's been out in the woods."

Dorian nodded, "Glad to give him the chance then, though we'll see if I come to regret it."

Aria looked back at Nox loading the last of things in the back and turned back to see Dorian watching him, "I doubt you'll regret it, he's a fabulous cook, and he's in his element out there."

Dorian looked at her assessing what she'd just said and a tinge of red hit his ears and vanished, "So all about him, you think?"

Vin leaned into the middle and whispered, "D, you know you are doing this all for him, so stop playing that you aren't."

Dorian turned around with a huff, but Aria could feel that he was happy inside.  Aria couldn't help but smile as Nox pulled into the seat next to her, "We are set.  Anything else?"

Vin nodded, "One more thing..." He turned on the radio, "We just all have to agree."

Aria laughed, "I abstain, I'm going to sleep."  Aria slipped her headset on and leaned on the door and closed her eyes.  She could near nothing more than the music in her ears as she drifted into the emptiness.

**** Vincent ****

Sparkler and D definately were playing it close to the chest.  He was going to have to leave it all very alone otherwise their budding romance was going to interfere more than it did already.  Not that either let it affect their work, they both seemed to be pretty on their game, if only a little distracted.

Vin and D went to gas up and get camping gear.  Dorian had paled dramatically at the thought of going into get groceries.  It was one thing to shop for things, but food seemed appaling to him and Vin couldn't help but laugh.  Such was the price you paid when you wealthy he assumed.

The outdoor goods store was pretty light on traffic this early in the morning but it was open and they had one or two boys stocking the shelves.  

Dorian of course got the more expensive of things, typical rich kid.  The sleeping bags were warm, for which Vin was thankful.  Vin had to talk D out of getting a tent, said unless he planned on having a girl over it was probably okay to sleep under the stars.  Vin checked the weather to prove to D that they'd be fine.  While the nights would be chillier than anyone would like, a good fire and the warm bags would be just fine.  Vin had done worse in the past, and he was sure Sparkler had too.  The little song and D were the only really pampered of the four of them, and Dorian more so than most.

As they pulled up to the grocer Nox had chosen Dorian received a text from Aria, they were waiting their turn.  Vin pulled up out front and waited.  They came out with their things and Aria sat them down behind the SUV and Nox loaded things, Aria muttered something about his control issues before getting.  The three of them spoke in hushed tones about the boy in the back.  

Only Vin and Nox seemed to care about the music.  Nox preferred the upbeat stuff, and Vin was more than happy to listen to something like that just not the techno dance stuff that floated on Nox's playlists of choice.  They actually settled for one of Aria's lists, the beat was right and while it held a bit more screaming at you than singing Vin was happy to let it go, so was Nox.

D snoozed in the front seat while Vin and Nox chatted.  Vin was really starting to like the lad.  He had some pretty epic stories to tell about his parents, and their hunts.  Vin shared a few, including his first where he'd inadvertly pulled an oni into the rougarou nest they were actually hunting.  It had Nox in a fit of laughter that woke up D.  

Their first stop Nox pretty much told Dorian to sit in the back. "If you are going to sleep let me sit up front."  Nox put his hand on the door making sure Dorian didn't open it.  He opened the passenger side door and waited for Dorian to walk around it, Vin could have almost swore that Dorian had brushed past Nox intentionally.  Nox's smiled widened as he shut the door after D got in.  Spakler was surely a charmer.  It's too bad, they could have had a good time out on the town together.

The little song saw D in her seat and climbed in behind Vin without complaint, she smiled at D, "You got backseated eh?"  She hadn't waited for an answer before she pulled her headset back on and drifted into that empty place that wasn't exactly sleep.  He could tell, he did the same thing.

He and Nox took turns driving.  D was content to ride in the back, he joined in on the conversation from time to time, but mostly Vin thought he sat back watching Sparkler without getting caught.  How Aria slept was behind him, they were hardly quiet.  But she never complained once.

They drove 12 of the supposed 16 hours.  It always takes longer to drive than the GPS says it does.  Always.  They camped out in some remote part of some country that Vin forgot.  Everything always looked the same when you were in the middle of no where.

Everyone helped set up camp.  Nox set to making the fire.  The night air was getting crisp the fire would be welcomed.  Aria was toting the coolers to Nox, food was on the agenda for the night.  D was out finding facilities.  Vin had chuckled at the thought of the properly raised rich kid taking a dump out in the forest.  How that must really feel.  It kept him chuckling to himself while he searched for a few nice thick branches to cut off of some sapplings.  He intended to beat the little song with a stick.  Swords were so blasie when sparring, they had to hold back, with a stick they could beat each other without notice.   Now he only had to find 4 perfect sticks.

Vin hadn't noticed the smell of cooking food immediately, but his stomach rumbled and he found himself at the camp fire mouth watering, "Food.  When?"

Nox looked up, "Soon.  Go back to finding your sticks. I'll let you know."  

Vin laughed, and held up four sticks, "I'm good Sparkler.  I guess you are pretty good at fire, I suppose the nickname is more apt now."

Nox chuckled, "You have no idea."

Vin was sure he didn't.  And it didn't really matter.

**** Dorian ****

Dorian found a few large stumps that could be moved to used to sit on around the camp fire.  Nox however used one to lean against as he sat on the ground tending the food and fire.  Vin sat across from him and Aria was around somewhere, he hadn't seen her since she'd brought the coolers out to Nox.

Dorian sat next to Nox.  He leg brushed Nox's shoulder and Nox leaned into Dorian playfully pushing his leg away.  He looked back at him with a grin and turned back to watch the food.  Dorian purposefully put his leg next to his shoulder and Nox didn't move this time.  He was flirting back now.  Dorian smiled.

Vin was right the food smelled good, everyone was hungry.  While they'd picked up fast food on the drive, this was real food.  Nox has quite a spread considering this was the middle of no where.  And it was just guy food, meat and potatoes kinda thing.  Nox actually had a cold pasta salad he picked up from the deli, fresh vegetables that Aria had cut for him, it was amazing how well those two had worked together without ever saying a word.

He didn't forget the beer either, Dorian would have prefered a bear, but he'd survive.  It was rather unforgettable evening as they sat around the fire talking about their past hunts.  An certain air hung just out of reach, like Antoinette's death was lingering on them.  No one asked about overly hard hunts, even though Dorian would have loved to hear how Aria had gotten Giorando Pirozzi or the recollection from Nox about the hellhound he'd seen as a kid.  Vin regailed them with his initiation into the organization.  Telling them about the initial theft, and the joy it held.  

Aria closed her eyes when Vin was talking, Nox watched her near to the point Dorian thought he was going to get up at some point, when she opened her eyes at the end of the tale Nox relaxed.  Something had transpired and he had no clue what it was, and it was slightly worrisome.

Their food was gone, the rest sat untouched, Nox had made enough to feed a small army.  He and Aria busily put it away while they chatted, Dorian had hardly noticed.  Though he had noticed the warmth against his leg was not there anymore as Nox moved to take care of things.

Vin picked up two sticks and smacked them together with a loud thwap.  He grinned at Aria.  "Care for a rematch?"

She looked up at him and laughed, "Sticks?  No steel?"

Vin laughed, "Safer, pre-hunt."

Nox sat back down in near the same spot as before, except he purposefully sat a little closer so the full length of his arm was pressed up against Dorian's leg, Dorian's breath caught and he had to let it out slowly so as not to be noticed, he caught a smile from Nox, he'd noticed.  Nox looked up at Vin, "Sticks can be worse, no restraint.  She likes to thump me a good one once and a while.  I probably still bear a few bruises from a few days ago's bout."

Aria smiled, "Alright, let's go."  Vin tossed Aria the two sticks he had in his hand and picked up the remaining two on the ground by his feet.  

The pair walked off into a clearing out of ear shot, Nox grinned, "I think he's enjoying someone who enjoys beating the crap out of him."

Dorian laughed, "And she doesn't mind obliging him I'm sure."

Nox nodded, "No she doesn't mind, it's good too.  That way I don't have to do it.  Be the sacraficial let Aria beat me up go to guy."

Nox started fiddling around with bags and things again.  Pulling out three things he kept hidden in front of him, he leaned against Dorian's knees instead of sitting back against the log, he adjust but didn't move.  Dorian put a hand on his shoulder and ran a finger along his neck and Nox stifled a sound.  Dorian leaned forward and whispered in his ear, "You kissed me back."

Nox turned half way so he could look at Dorian from the corner of his eyes, "You played me."  He didn't seem offended as he smiled, "I should have caught that.  It was the rum and coke that hide it.  You tasted, well drunk."

Dorian had to smile, it had been planned that way, "Does this,"  Dorian ran his index finger over the line of Nox's jaw, feeling the ever present stubble that was there - like he purposefully left a little every morning, and he probably did, "mean you are interested?"

Nox turned sideways and put his arm over Dorian's legs, "I don't know.  Yeah, maybe... But this whole thing, I've never done."

Dorian ran his finger back and forth across his jaw line slowly and watched Nox's reaction.  Nox closed his eyes and Dorian kissed him softly before pulling back just little to speak in a breathless whisper, "I get it, your first guy."

Nox pulled back farther to look Dorian in the eyes, "Not just that, Dorian.  You don't want just sex.  Or you'd not be presuing me.  I'm not that great a catch, I'm a royal pain in the ass on a good day, most days I'm a prick.  There are so many other men that would gladly be with you if that's all you wanted."

Dorian laughed, "You mean a relationship.  We'll see about that, there is no need to rush anything.  You could tire of me after this mission."

Nox moved his hand over Dorian's leg slowly, hesitantly towards Dorian's chest and grabbed a handful of his t-shirt.  And pulled him towards him and whispered, "I doubt that," before he laid a kiss so unexpectely passionate that Dorian's breath was litterally taken away.

Dorian pulled away with a gasp and Nox smiled brightly knowing he did that and turned back around and fiddle with opening what he'd taken out, Nox pushed Dorian's legs apart and leaned back against Dorian's chest casually like they'd been a couple two seconds before.  Dorian wondered what they were now, clearly Nox was interested.  He asked opening things in front of him, "Ever had a s'more?"

Dorian drapped his arms around Nox's neck and shook his head, "Don't think so."

Nox grinned, "Gramh cracker, cookie, what passes as one around here anyways."  He held up the package.  "Chocolate."  That was a no brainer, as he held it up.  "And marshmellows."  Nox stuck a marshmellow on the end of a stick he'd had sitting in the fire, the end was nicely sharpened and warm to the touch.  "All smashed together with gooey warm goodness.  A kids treat when camping.  Aria's never had one either.  And I do my best to give Aria memories I had as a child since her's sucked so badly."

Dorian leaned down whispered and smiled, "You are a good friend."  Nox put the marshmellow above the flames and turned his head to look up and back at Dorian.  Dorian leaned down and kissed him and Nox returned the passion, his free hand finding his way to the back of Dorian's neck holding him tighly against him.  Dorian was nearly lost in the moment.

The kiss lasted what felt like forever, Dorian pulled away and looked up just to see the flaming marshmellow fall into the fire and Dorian laughed, "Seems you've lost that one."

Nox turned to look with a grin and stuck the stick in the fire, "That can wait for now."  And then turned his attention back to Dorian.  "I'm okay with this."  He kissed Dorian softly, Dorian returned it with building passion.

**** Nox ****

Nox wasn't sure what he wanted to happen but he couldn't help that his pulse raced when Dorian sat down next to him.  Or that he brushed his leg against his arm.  Everything he'd been feeling since Dorian had helped him on the plane came to a full ahead bore with the kiss.  A kiss that Dorian had planned.  He should have thought about that.  Should have realized it, he wasn't angry, he was happy, which surprised him.  

Nox started making a s'more but Dorian distracted him by whispering in his ear.  Dorian kissed him and Nox wanted nothing more than to just go with it.  By the time that they stopped the mashmellow had fallen into the fire and Nox was far more interested in kissing Dorian.  

They kissed at the awkward angle, both of them breathless and wanton.  It was amazing, far more amazing that Nox thought possible with anyone, much less a guy he barely knew.  Dorian slid down the log and sat on the ground, leaning into Nox, wrapping his arms around him.  Dorian pulled Nox in and put his forehead agasint Nox's.  "We can go as slow as you need.  I'm happy with just this."

Nox grinned, "That's good, cause I'm not sure I can give you more than this right now." Nox kissed him softly, "I like this."  Nox leaned in and kissed Dorian again sliding his hand between Dorian's shirt and his skin.  Dorian let out a soft moan and returned the gesture.

They made out like teenagers.  They were alone in the woods, well nearly alone, the sound of sticks thwapping together a short distance away were the only indication that Aria and Vin were around.  A chill ran up his spine and Nox stopped abruptly, his hand freezing over Dorian's back, pulling away from Dorian's lips and he looked around, he couldn't see anything, he grabbed the power and all he could smell was Dorian.  But the world around him grew lighter, everything because clearer.  He couldn't see any better against the firelight, but he could see the lines of the trees better, Nox hear the snapping of a twig, "Did you hear that?"

Dorian reached for the gun behind Nox's back, he'd been avoiding it during their make out session.  Nox couldn't tell exactly where the woman was, but he knew she was out there.  He looked back at Aria, he wanted to tell her that something was wrong, someone was there.  But he no longer heard the sticks in the background.  Nox leaned in and kissed Dorian's ear, "Somethings wrong, Aria must sense it, they aren't sparring anymore."

Dorian grinned against his ear, "You have such sweet pillow talk."  Nox kissed his ear.

Nox stood up and held out his hand to Dorian, "Shall we find someplace a bit more private to ...."  He let the words trail off and hoped Dorian caught his drift, while he wouldn't mind privacy, it wasn't the goal at the moment.  

Dorian took his hand and stood up with him, kissing Nox, leaving him breathless, the power only enhanced the kiss, the way Dorian smelled and Nox's body reacted with ease at the newly enhanced sensations.  Dorian laughed against his lips, "Yes, let's."

Dorian took his hand and they walked off towards the SUV.  Dorian had the gun at Nox's back, Nox picked up another handgun from his gear bag that was inside.  He kissed Dorian, their cover at the moment demanding it, but Nox was throughly enjoying the game.  He smiled and licked his lips.  "Split up?"

Dorian nodded, "Sounds good.  I'll go around the permiter to where Aria and Vin were.  You go the other way around."  Dorian smiled and kissed Nox, "We will have to pick this up later."  He left with a chuckle and hunched to the ground and he would have disappeared sooner if it were not for the power enhanced vision.  He should have thought about the land warriors, but they were likely at the bottom of the bag anyway.  No time.

Nox stalked around the opposite way that Dorian had, he wished he knew where Aria was.

**** Aria ****

Vin and Aria went off into a clearing a bit of a ways away from the fire, Vin had glanced back before he had taken up his position, "Seems your boy is flirting back."

Aria smiled, "It would seem that way."  She didn't wait for Vin to pay attention as she attacked with her left stick.  

He laughed and they started to circle back and forth, taking minor stabs at one another.  Aria could feel the intensity of Nox and Dorian the short distance away.  But she focused on Vin.  He caught her in the left arm and he laughed, "They distracting? you are going lose if you keep that up."

The fight got going in earnest, they danced around each other, strking back and forth, the thwapping was a comforting sound.  Aria landed a few hits against Vin and he in return.  Their forms were not nearly as perfect as they had been when they were younger, they tripped over rocks on the ground or tree roots potruding from the earth.  But it was fun, and Aria was enjoying the workout, it had been a while since she'd faced someone who could give her a run for her money.

Aria grinned and took a glance back at the fire, Vin smacked her in the arm but he turned too with a curt laugh, "About damn time!"  Nox and Dorian were pretty into each other, Aria turned back to Vin with a smile and struck him in the arm.  "Alright.  alright.  I get it leave em be.  They so aren't going to hear the end of this."

Aria laughed, "Nox wouldn't have it any other way."

They danced around for a while longer, but as they sparred Aria started sensing other's approaching.  She felt three and then one vanished.  Aria purposefully locked sticks with Vin and pulled him off balance towards her.  He landed against her knocking her down and they tumbled to the ground.  Aria whispered, "We have company."  

Vin untangled himself from Aria with mock disgust, "Now that's not fair."  He stalked off one direction with purpose and Aria went the other way.  Aria didn't see Nox or Dorian, he must have sensed the godling embrace the source.  

Aria walked past the edge of the river, out of the corner of her eye Aria saw a wave come at her, there was nothing she could do as it rose over her head and slammed her into the side of a tree.  Aria was surprised she hadn't lost consciousness, but a man stepped out of the shadows and held a knife at her throat.  

She didn't struggle, and all Aria had as a stick but in the seconds that followed the man crumpled to the ground his head turned at an odd angle, Aria smiled and tipped an imaginary hat at Nox where ever he was.  She didn't bother looking for him as she knelt down and picked up the knife.

Aria continued around towards the next body.  She caught sight of Nox and Vin.  They were facing off against a woman.  Nox had his gun trained on her, but Aria caught the tale tell sign that he had thrown an invisble weave as a blast of water came flying at them.  Vin stood and staired, the woman saw the oppurtunity and Nox stepped between Vin and the next ball of steaming water just in time for it crash against his shield.  Aria smiled and headed towards Dorian, and the second person she could sense.

Aria found Dorian grappling with a second man.  Aria crept around the two men, they were unaware of her, or at least paid her no mind.  Dorian grinned as he saw her over the man's shoulder as she planted the knife between the fourth and fifth rib.  He gasped once before all sound cut off.  Aria could feel the blood dripping down her hand.  She let go of the hilt and the man fell to the side, leaving her staring into the eyes of Dorian.  He smiled and nodded wordlessly and Aria started out again.  Aria grabbed his hand and pointed towards where Vin and she assumed Nox where.  There was a goddess there, but she didn't say anything.

By the time they had reached them, the woman lay crumpled at Nox's feet, he and Vin were in hushed conversation that cut off as soon as Dorian was within hearing range.  Vin stared at her, he was not afraid, he seemed almost satisfied.  She wondered what that exchange had been all about.  Vin had to be in shoke, he was not trying to take out Nox.  He had to have seen.

Things were about to get scary.

