**** Vincent ****

It was definately a sight to see, Dorian's reaction to Nox and his father.  For everything the Emilio Vega was he was a strong man, and Sparkler didn't back down.  He was much stronger than Dorian, and everyone else he'd seen go head to head with Mr.  Vega, and that included Martin.  Maybe it was because Nox was so much younger, or maybe it had to do with something else entirely.  Dorian had been taken aback by it all but he seemd in relatively good spirits despite the fact that his so-called boyfriend called his father a pompous ass.  The boy had style for  man with a pedigree no greater than that of a cocker spaniel.  Vin had nearly laughed at the comment from the senior Vega, but the beautiful and every present matriarch of the Vega house presented herself in full regalia and Vin was highly impressed with vision of her.

Dorian kissed Nox softly before he removed his arms from the other man.  It was almost too hard to watch as Dorian kissed his wife on the cheek and offered her an arm.  Vin watched as the entire demeanor of the couple changed.  Mr Vega commented, "My dear Ana, does the presence of the boy make you uncomfortable?"

Anastasia looked at Mr. Vega, "Sir, Mr. Durante is not making me uncomfortable.  You are.  My husband and I have guests to greet, if it pleases you."  She offered him to lead the way to which Mr. Vega followed.  

Sparkler visibly relaxed.  "You okay, kid?"

Nox grinned at Vin, "Didn't think that would bother me."

Aria followed Mr. Vega but looked back with a glance back at Nox, Sparkler nodded and she followed without a word.  

Vin laughed, "She's leaving you with me?"

Nox walked over to the bar and pour a small amount of vodka and drank it quickly.  "No, not leaving me with you, she was making sure I was okay.  And I'm okay.  Though I didn't expect to be the jealous type."  He grinned, "Shall we?  We've a fancy party to attend, one to which we must be on our best behavior.  Which means it will be a boring party."

Vin laughed.  "Damn straight, Sparkler.  We might have to disobey just a little."

Outside the study Cruz was waiting a few doors down he smiled at them, Vin was sure it was more to greet Nox.  Cruz noted, "That looks good on you.  Dad, chose well."  

Nox grinned, "I'm sure anything would have looked fine on me, I am me after all."

Vin laughed with Cruz, it was going to be a very interesting night.  

Dorian and Ana were standing near the door greeting guests, Cruz tugged them both into the high arched double doors that lead into what Vin had to consider was the ball room.  A ball room, in Dorian's house.  Damn the man was rich.  It had high vaulted ceilings and chandeliers hanging from it that gave off a very elegant lighting affect.  The tables were lined with white linen table clothes, the floor in the middle was left open in front of the what Vin could only call a small orchestra that was playing some song or another.  Cruz ushered Vin and Nox to a table where the little song already sat.  She looked bored.  "You guys are sitting with me and Cousin Adell.  We call it the kids table.  Though you two aren't kids by any starndards, and neither are we.  But it's where we always get stuck, by the door, and the draft from outside wafting in.  Can't bother the guests with that now can we."

Vin laughed, "I see how we rate."

Cruz took a seat by Aria and started engaging with her, telling her she looked lovely, and asking about his mother.  Vin grinned and took the other seat next to Aria, Sparkler smiled and shrugged and sat down next to Cruz, the final seat was for Adell he could only assume.

Guests filed in and eventually the double doors closed and Mr. Vega took the stage in front of the orchestra.  He tapped the mic and it echoed into the large room.  "Welcome to out family, friends and honored guests.  As usual, all proceeds of today's even go to those who require medical assistance in our great country.  My son and his wife have donated the use of the estate and it's surrounding gardens for your you evening pleasure.  We will as always have the finest quisine available in Madrid.  I'm sure you will not be disappointed.  I am honored to have a new benefactor present, Jörg Gottschalk, he has made a highly unsual generous donation to our wonderful cause.  I will see to it personally, that these funds are well utilized in the cause, as well as I do with all of your very generous donations.  I will hand you over to the orchestra for your musical and dancing pleasure.  Please make every use of our hospitality, it is our honor to host such generous people."

Vin nearly laughed, but he didn't, the girl next to him and Nox was quiet.  Aria was scanning the room casually taking everything, Nox was laid back sipping at a fluted glass of champaign which he promptly put down.

Vin saw Dorian and his wife sitting at a table with his father and two women and their glorious high priced benefactor, the two women could only be Dorian's mother and grandmother.  The dance floor was empty, the music was not very dance worthy, a classic waltz Vin guessed.

It surprised Vin to see Nox walk up to the table the Vega's were sitting at, he had thought that he was not going to show any affection but short of a grin to Dorian before he stood next to the eldest Vega matriarch and extended his hand.  Vin had to give the boy credit.  He went high with his first dance, there was not an ounce of timid in Sparkler.

Vin wished he could hear the conversation, it appeared that Mrs. Vega was declining the invitation with tenacity, but Nox was grinning madly, and with a blushing elderly woman, Sparkler walked out into the middle of the floor.  Every eye turned to them, and Nox had only eyes for his partner who was blushing bright red by the time she started to dance.

Slowly the dance floor gained a few more dancers, Cruz spoke under the music, "He really is something else.  Grandmother never dances."

Aria grinned, "Nox is stubborn and charming."

Vin stole a glance at Dorian's table, Mr. Vega and the patron were speaking but everyone else was watching Nox and Cruz's great grandmother dance.  Dorian looked a little peakid.

**** Dorian ****

A man on the guestlist showed up bearing a multi-million dollar donation to the Vega Foundation with apologies, his father of course accepted him with open arms.  That kind of money was hard pressed not to be taken seriously.  Christian ran the bank information and sure enough it was a legit account.  His father gave him a seat at their table.  One that was usually reserved for his late grandfather, but it seemed money mattered today, and Dorian couldn't fault his father for it.

Jörg Gottschalk was also an Atharim supporter, he'd been robbed once by Vin.  Coincidences were rare in their line of work.  Dorian was going to have to keep an eye on him.

After his father returned to the table and the music started playing Nox casually walked up and grinned at Dorian before he turned his attentions on Dorian's grandmother.  

Nox spoke over the music and the caphony of the ballroom, "Mrs. Vega, may I have the honor of the first dance?"

Grandmother Vega blushed at being asked by a random cute man.  "My boy, I'm old enough to be your Great, Great Grandmother."

Nox grinned, "Ma'am, you don't look a day over 40.  It would be my honor to have the first dance with the matriarch of the Vega throne."

Dorian ran his fingers over his mustache hiding the smile and the laughter behind his hand.  His grandmother shook her head, "I haven't danced since my husband passed, maybe you should dance with My dear Ana."

Nox smiled and bowed slightly to Ana, "Mrs. Vega, I will dance with Ms. Ana, but you are matriarch and should be first.  I promise I won't make a fool of you, we can even use the walker if you are worried about falling, but I'm certain I will not let you fall."

Dorian laughed, "Grandmother, he's as tenatious as you are."

She looked over at Dorian with an exhasperated look and saw Dorian's smile and turned back to Nox with a wry smile, "Boy if you let me fall you will not hear the end of it."

Nox offered her a hand up and his arm afterwards.  Dorian smiled as Nox walked out to the center floor with his grandmother on his arm like it was nothing more than a first dance.  Dorian glanced over at Aria who was smiling while she watched Nox, she saw him looking at her and Dorian tilted his head.  Her smile widened.  Dorian shook his head, this was probably a far bigger mistake than letting Nox meet his father.

Nox was waltzing with his grandmother, he held her up and she looked like she was having a good time.  They were chatting, and Dorian wished he could hear what they said.  But Ana put her hand on his arm and leaned in and whispered in his ear closely, as lovers would, "He is something else, my sweet.  He has every eye on him here."

Dorian smiled and turned to whisper back, "He'll steal the show I'm sure.  Actually I rather count on it."

Ana gasped, "Dorian, what do you have planned?"

Dorian grinned at his wife.  "You shall see."

The music ended and everyone left the floor and Nox brought his grandmother back with a smile so big Dorian was sure his grandmother had not had such a good time in her life.  Nox came around the table and Dorian stopped him, "I didn't know you could dance."  

Nox grinned, "You never asked."  He looked out at the dance floor, "Is it always so dead?"

Dorian laughed, "There is not enough drink in folks yet."

Nox waved it off like it was nothing.  He walked past Dorian and stopped at his mother.  Ana almost looked apalled.  Dorian whispered, "I think he's going down the line of matriarchs, you should be next."

Ana smiled and spoke so Nox could hear, "So long as I'm next.  He is a fine catch for any who can reel him in."  Dorian's father chuckled but said nothing. 

Nox grinned widely as he offered Dolores Vega his hand, "May I have this dance, Mrs. Vega."

Dorian's mother stood with out prompting and without a word and took Nox's arm and he escorted his mother out to the floor and they danced.  

Dorian's father leaned back in his chair and whispered to Dorian, "Is he going to dance with every female in the place to spite me?"

Dorian laughed, "Father,"  he nodded towards Nox, "That is Nox.  He has been and always will be a ladies man."  Emilio gave Dorian a frown, "I will tell you about it at a later date."  His father nodded and turned his attention back to their guest of honor.

Mr. Gottschalk turned to Dorian, "Your friend, he works with you?  What does he do exactly?"

Dorian smiled, "Mr. Gottschalk, Mr. Durante is a consultant my father has hired to figure out some bizarre phenomenon's resulting in one of our plants.  He and his friends are in town, and I offered my estate as a home base for their inquiries."

Mr. Gottschalk nodded, "He seems quite at ease on the dance floor.  Even if no one else has take up dancing yet."

Dorian smiled, "I do beleive that Mr. Durante likes the attention.  I can't say as much for my mother."

Their guest turned to Ana, "Ms. Vega, and you wish to subject yourself to his attention seeking."

Dorian watched Ana closely, "Mr.Gottschalk, may I call you Jorg?"  He nodded, "Well Jorg, Mr. Durante is a close family friend, amongst a consultant for my Father in law, and I would be honored to be able to provide entertainment for our many guests."

Dorian laughed, "Your wish may be granted sooner rather than later."  

The song ended and Nox escorted his mother to her seat with a flourished bow.  "It has been my pleasure, Mrs. Vega."

Nox turned to Ana and she stood up without being asked.  Dorian smiled and Nox grinened, "As my lady wishes."

He took her out on the dance floor, they took a waltzing form and then the music abruptly changed, Ana turned her attention on Dorian and Dorian couldn't help but smile his wife started to walk towards him with fire in her eyes, but Nox grabbed her hand just as the tango's classic call sounded and she spun into his arms with a look that said exactly what Dorian thought.  _Oh my god, he can tango too._

The music coursed on and Anastasia looked at him for a beat or two before she obliged him and he carried her across the floor like he'd been doing it for years.  He lead and she followed and there was not a face at the tables that was not trained on Nox and Ana.

Dorian tried very hard not to show too much interest, but thankfully it was his wife out there as well.  Drooling over her was far more acceptable.  And she moved with the grace he knew she possessed.  But it was Nox he watched.  It had always amazed Dorian how even Aria walked like a deadly wolf, Vin was the same, and nearly every hunter, except for Nox walked with a preadtory gait it was part of being on the guard all the time, he knew he probably did too, but Nox, he didn't, and Dorian finally understood.  Everything was a lure to attracted the right kind of attention, he walked like a dancer, grace but not deadly.  Dorian smiled and watched his wife and the man he was hoping for more with dance, he was lost in that moment.  

By the time they were finished they were both breathless as was Dorian.  Nox brought Ana back to her seat, she was flushed from the exherstion as well as dancing with Nox in such an intimate way.  She leaned over and whispered in Dorian's ear, "If you don't keep him, I will."

Dorian grinned, and caught Nox's arm and stood up and whispered, "You surprise me at every turn.  I'm going to smile now like I said something threatening to you about dancing with my wife like that, play the game?" 

Dorian let go of Nox's arm and Nox just grinned back at him and winked and walked away.  Mr. Gottschalk was the first to respond, "It seems you have to try a little harder Mr. Vega to keep your wife happy."

Dorian laughed, "I've got it handled, don't you worry."

**** Nox ****

So far the party was a drag.  Nox tried for champaign but it was not his thing, he set it back down.  The music was playing softly but no one was dancing.  Nox thought about staying seated but he kept time in his seat and he couldn't stand it any longer.  Dorian hadn't asked him to not steal the spot light, or not to be himself, just not to draw attention to their coupledom.  He grinned at the scandal that could cause. So Nox got up and walked over to the Vega's table.  He grinned at Dorian before he asked the woman that could only be Dorian's grandmother.  It had taken a little bit of charm to get her on the dance floor, but he had managed, and that prompted a few more to join in.  That was better, but the second dance with Dorian's mother yielded even less results than before, and Mrs. Vega wasn't as happy to be out with him as her mother-in-law.

Ana on the other hand, she had been eager to join him on the dance floor, up until the point the music changed to a tango, she looked at Dorian with fury and Nox just grinned, Dorian didn't know him well enough.  As Ana walked away Nox grabbed her hand and pulled her into a spin and caught her just as the classic tango music presented itself.  It was only moments they stared into each others eyes but she gave him a slight nod, and they were off.  

Nox didn't typically tango, but he had learned, and he had practiced just as hard on that as he had everything else his mother had taught him.  It was the second impressive dance he could do.  The first he'd shown Aria which she laughed at him.  A fan dance from some Asian country, but she had been impressed, and that was all Nox was going for.

Ana was an excellent dancer and Nox did his best to stay in form, she was breathless by the time it was done, he wasn't much better himself, and when he looked at Dorian as he walked Ana back to her seat, Dorian looked like he had enjoyed the show far more than anyone else had.  Nox grinned at that, he was glad he had that effect on Dorian.  It made the prior jealousy fade.

Dorian stopped him and made threatening gestures but it was more attention than he had expected considering his tone was far more awe and drunken with lust than anyone else heard.  Nox played along and grinned at Dorian like he didn't think he was a threat and winked at him as he walked away.  He really could use a beer but he'd have to do without there didn't seem to be anything he wanted to drink.

Nox sat down next to Cruz and Adell and Cruz cuffed him over the shoulder, "Damn, who taught you to dance?"

Nox grinned, "My mother."

"Why? You don't have much need for the tango or the waltz doing what you do?"

Nox smiled, "All the more reason to learn.  I needed to have some advantage over the girls I was trying to woo instead of their local boys."

Cruz laughed, "I'm sure being a roamer you were plenty exotic."

Nox shrugged, "It was time to spend with my mother, she was a dance instructor before she met my father, and I was glad to learn to impress girls."

Aria looked at him from across the table, "Dorian looked like he was shocked and impressed the small time cocker spaniel could dance."

Nox bust out laughing as the food arrived.  Cruz nodded, "Course number 1.  Always interesting."  He looked at Nox and smiled, "I'm sure you could use the energy."

Nox grinned and looked at the plate was sat down in front of him by a small wisp of a girl and a man poured him a glass of wine.  Nox looked to Cruz and Cruz happily spouted off information, "Boomerange Shrimp in a Thai sweet chili sauce paired with Brancott Sauvignon Blanc."  He ate a peice of shrimp and then took a swallow of wine, "It's a master pairing, one then the other for full affect."

Everyone but Adell seemed to have been waiting on Cruz to finish his explanation before eathing, including Nox.  He wasn't big on wine, but he'd drink it he supposed.  And true to Cruz's word it was pretty good.  The ballroom was full of the distinct caphony of people talking in a large echoy room with the orchestra playing some peice that left Nox wanting to get up again, but he stayed seated this time.

Nox finished his plate but not the wine, he sat forward and smiled at Adell, she was quiet.  Not much older than Cruz, maybe his age.  "Adell right?"  She nodded shyly with a blush that went to her ears.  "Anastasia's sister is your mother?"

She spoke quietly rather squeaked first before she managed to speak, "How did you know?"

Nox smiled, "Dorian's an only child, so that's an easy guess, but Ana doesn't seem like she has many brothers."

Adell nodded, "Only one sister, she's more like grandmother, a fashion designer, not just one intrested in the peices like Aunt Ana."

Nox grinned, "That doesn't surprise me.  Where do you go to school?"

Adell seemed shoked to be asked so many questions, but she was talking easier than moments before.  "Madrid Royal Conservatory."  She paused to see if he recognized it, he smiled at her to encourage her to speak again.  "I play many instruments.  The cello and the violin are my favorite."

Nox grinned, "I never learned to play an instrument."

Adell blushed as she spoke, the scarlet deepening with each word, "But you dance so wonderfully, you had to have a great teacher."

"My mother was a good teacher.  I wish she could have seen that."  Nox indicated the now vacant dance floor.

Adell looked out into the emptiness of the floor, "I'm sure you can show her some other day."

Nox frowned, Aria snapped her attention to him, leaning on the table, she said nothing but she was watchful, "My mother passed a few years back."

Adell frowned and quickly apologized.  "I'm so sorry."

Nox shrugged, "You didn't know.  But she would have liked watching me dance, she always did."

Aria smiled and chimed in.  "She was watching.  She's always watching."

Nox grinned at her and stuck his tongue out at her, "Shhh you."

Vin laughed.  "Now now children do I have to separate you?"

Cruz laughed as he finished off the last of his wine glass.  "You two act like brother and sister sometimes."

Aria smiled, "He thinks he's my big brother."

Nox grinned, "We are family, it's all that matters, may not be blood but it's still family."  Nox turned back to Adell, "You and Aria are next on my dance card."

Adell shook her head furiously, "No, I don't dance."

Nox grinned, "You will.  I promise."

Aria leaned forward on the table and looked at Adell.  "Adell, you may as well relent now because he will not.  The first time he made me dance, we were thankfully alone in our house, but he wouldn't take no for an answer.  He will get you up there and he might even make you think it was your idea.  Kinda like what he did with your Aunt."

Nox laughed, "Oh how well you know me Aria.  You will be first."

Aria nodded, "Fine.  You will pay for this."

Nox grinned, "Bring it baby!"

**** Aria ****

Nox was typical Nox and Aria was pretty sure that Dorian hadn't anticipated Nox knowing how to dance, much less to tango.  She'd learned long ago not to underestimate Nox Durante.  He was surprising at every turn, from not being the guy he played on the outside to actually how depressed he actually was, but there was less of that right now with Dorian dotting on him.  Nox actually was not nearly so sad inside.  And it was good to see.  

Cruz explained the food, but no matter how exquisit he said it was there was no way in hell Aria was going to drink wine, much less anything else of that variety.  Her first and only drinks had ended rather horribly.  Aria pushed back the thoughts, pushed back the images that tried to invade her mind, her feelings.  

Adell was finally talking with Nox, instead of listening to them.  Cruz was being overly friendly to her, Aria had sublty mentioned that she wished Lucas was here, Cruz seemed to catch the hint, but he was still very chatty, it probably had a lot to do with being Dorian's son, and Nox's behavior.  Nox was a continual flirt, it was his worst fault, he didn't know when to give it a break, and he seemed to be wearing off the youngest Vega.

Cruz looked over at people still eating, he looked back at Nox and grinned then he held out a hand to Aria and stood up.  "Care to dance?"

Aria looked up at him, "You too?"  

He grinned down at her and Aria looked at Nox who was now talking with Adell, standing and persauding her to dance.  Aria sighed and took Cruz's hand.  "He's a very bad influence on you, your father should separate you."

Cruz laughed, "He already said I can't use Nox as my wing man."

Aria laughed, "Dorian is a wise man."

They reached the floor and Cruz grinned at his mother and father and started and Aria followed, if anything she could follow his lead.  He wasn't quite as good at teaching as Nox was, but Aria could mimic just about anything given enough time.  They turned and Aria saw Nox finally leading Adell to the dance floor she was beat red but she was moving with him and by the time they started dancing, the orchestra changed their beat and the horned instruments and the strings took on a completely different style.  Nox true to himself grabbed Adell before she could run away and spoke to her softly.  Aria saw Nox tell her to watch him, and only him.  She'd be okay.  It was exactly what he'd told her.

Cruz on the other hand had stopped and stared at the orchestra and then to his father with wry humor in his eyes.  Cruz grinned and turned to Aria, "You can do the jive?"

Aria shook her head, "Can you?"

Cruz nodded, "One of few I can.  We can sit down."

Aria smiled, "And give your father the satisfaction of making a scene?  I think not.  I can follow, I'm very good at learning."

Cruz grinned and started with simple steps and Aria quickly picked it up and joined him.  Aria caught glimpses of a few other couples who came out to the dance floor once the tempo had picked up.  

Aria kept her eyes on Cruz and followed him in equal and opposit direction.  He was all smiled, he was very much like Nox, except far more polite. 

The song ended and Cruz took Aria's hand and walked her over to the table with a grin, "Father, you will have to do better than that."

Dorian laughed, "I planned this long before I knew Mr. Durante could dance his way around and charm every one in this place with a mere glance."

Cruz laughed, "You knew the latter Father.  I was just lucky that Aria could follow so well."

Dorian smiled, "She is Nox's friend, I'd expect it's not the first time she'd danced something she'd never done before."

Aria nodded, "I do hope you have nothing more planned Dorian.  Nox will beat you at this game."

"Of that I have no doubt."  Dorian agreed.

Cruz took them back to their seats, he even pulled her chair out for her, he leaned down as she sat, "I know you have a boyfriend, I new from the start, but this keeps my mother happy.  At least flirting with you is safe."

Aria looked up at him with a questioning look, Cruz grinned, "No I'm not completely my father's son, but I have a girlfriend, one to which my parents probably wouldn't like."

Aria smiled, "Cruz, unless the girl is a drug user, I doubt your mother or your father will care if you are dating someone like me or Nox."

Cruz grinned, "She's alot different than you and Nox.  She's tattoos and peircings, and funny colored hair.  But she's nice and sweet and ungodly smart."

Aria nodded, "I'm sure your parents will love her.  Your father has his own rebellious side you know.  Tattoos, I've seen."

Nox and Adell sat down and she looked at Cruz, "I hate you cousin."  It was said playfully and Aria smiled.  

The next course arrived and there was no explantion needed, though Cruz went down the line up anyway, "Mixed greens with bleu cheese, strawberries and a balsamic vinaigrette, paired with Seven Daughter's White Blend."

Again Aria didn't touch the wine, but the salad was good, she particularly liked the strawberries and the vinaigrette together.

**** Dorian ****

The food was good, the company passable, though Dorian looked over at the so-called kids table and saw that they were having a blast, even Vin was laughing, tho he was only a year older than Aria, he was much older than the them in relative age.  Meaning he acted his and Aria didn't act hers.  But they looked like they were having far more fun than anyone else.  Even Adell was enjoying herself and that was a first if he thought back on it.

Ana turned to him and smiled, "Missing being Cruz's age?"

Dorian laughed, "Hardly.  But they are having more fun that most everyone else here.  And I'm sure it's at the expense of our other company."

Mr. Gottschalk joined the conversation, "I'm sure that the stuffy peacocks we are used to are all balking at the loud obnoxious table.  

Ana nodded, "Yes, I think Mr. Durante has show our friends that there is a bit more to a party than fine dining and fine wine."  Ana turned to Dorian and smiled, "My love, you do not have any other surprised planned do you?"

Dorian frowned, "No ma'am.  That was all.  I never expected the Jive to get played at all.  Adell never dancing."  

Ana smiled, "I think that we should change up the after music, the the wine flow a little stronger and freer, maybe our young friends will get the crowd to exerting some energy."

Dorian leaned forward, "What did you have in mind?"

She smiled and sat back sipping at the newly set down course of Mushroom soup.  The soup was paired with Parducci pinot noir and was wonderful.  The main course would be exquisit if this was what was on the menu now.  Dorian was more than happy to let his wife plan a more eventful evening.  It saved him the trouble.

As the main course arrived Mr. Gottschalk was inquiring heavily into operations at the same plant that was having issues.  He was probing a lot into the issues that they would be looking into.  Dorian wondered if the man had anything to do with it, or had some knowledge or another, but in reality there was no way to really know what he was after, perhaps it was just coincidence, but Dorian didn't really beleive in coincidence when it came to hunting monsters.  Dorian stepped away from the table while the rest of the food was being set down and sent a text to Nox.  "Can you run a search on our great benafactor here - Jörg Gottschalk."

Nox looked up at him and grinned then looked back down at his wallet, a response hit Dorian's wallet as he turned to sit down, "But of course.  Hope you enjoyed the show. :P"

Dorian chuckled to himself and sent a response in return, "But of course!"  Dorian deleted the texts from his phone, out of habit mostly then he sat down and took a inhaled the fabulous aroma the Angus fillet and Salmon Pesto with a twice backed potatoe and sauted mixed vegetables gave off. It smelled divine and it tasted even grander.  And the Clos Du Bois Merlot was an excellent choice.  Dorian was in awe of it all.  His father had out done himself this year.  "Father, exceptional!"

His father beamed with pride.  There was very little talking as the main course was eaten by all parties, there was the occcasional talking, but the caphony of earlier was gone there was more clincking of silver against china.

When Ana finished her plate she stood up and walked around the back of the ball room, stopping to talk with people.  It seemed everyone wanted to congradulate her on the wonderful preformance or on the food, Dorian couldn't tell how many compliments she'd gotten as she finally reached the table Nox sat at.  They conversed softly, the rest of the table apparently not paying any attention to him.  Aria turned to look at them, Nox having called her name.  She smiled at him and handed Ana her wallet.  _What was Ana up to?_

**** Nox ****

Dorian's text had been a bit surprising, but there must be something up with the guy.  Nox punched the man's name into the Atharim search that was on his wallet, it was slower and not as good as the one on Aria's, but he didn't want to make a big deal about it all.  The search started and Nox couldn't help but poke a little fun at his ... friend.  He wasn't exactly sure what this was much less what Dorian was.  There was something though.  And he couldn't not be himself.

When Ana walked up behind him and spoke softly in his ear he jumped, "Nox, care to have more energetic dancing?  Something this table would be more accustomed to?"

Nox looked at her, "Of course, but the, no offense intended, stuffy people beyond here wouldn't appreciate it."

Ana smiled, "My dear boy, Dorian is notorious for changing his father's game plan as you've already witnessed.  He just didn't plan on you knowing how to dance everything he threw at you."

Nox grinned widely, "He never asked.  It's not like a secret."

Ana nodded, "My father-in-law is well aware of the stuffy peacocks and there defined tastes.  The orchestra is usually only played throughout dinner.  A sound system Christian or others typically run will play the same sort of music the remainder of the night.  There will be a few drunken ballerinas but that's about it.  This party is about the social networking, not the fun and dancing.  We can change that."

Nox smiled evily, "And how do you propose we do that?"

Ana nodded, "Your wallet has your play lists?"

Nox chuckled softly, "Yes, but mine is in the middle of something Dorian asked me."  Nox leaned forward, "Aria, can Ana have your wallet."

Aria didn't hesitate as she handed the device to their hostess.  "Any specific one?"

Nox laughed and flipped to his playlists, "This one is lyric free, songs my sister or I have modified so the words don't detract from workouts.  This one here is all techno and probably not right for this crowd."  Nox flipped to the bottom, "This is the sound track of things my mother played when I was learning to dance.  And this one is all swing, which for this crowd of stuffy peacocks might be best since it'll have that classical vibe, but much faster and some of them might actually know the actual dances."

Ana nodded, "Aria you don't mind if I give this to Christian for after dessert entertainment?"

Aria shook her head, "No, it's fine."

Ana nodded, "Nox, I expect another dance or two."

Nox grinned at her, "My pleasure."

She leaned down and whispered in his ear, "And I'll expect you to leave Dorian panting like he was last time."

Nox laughed.  Cruz looked at him, "Well share with the rest of us."

Nox just laughed more.  Cruz pouted. 

By the time the desert course landed in front of him, Nox's wallet had beeped the search's finish.  He sent Dorian a text and headed for the double doors to wait him outside.  Nox leaned against the wall.  Dorian followed shortly there after with a grin, "I didn't expect any alone time with you."

Nox smiled, "The search is done.  Here is what I found."

Dorian took his wallet from him and leaned against the wall next to Nox his arm pressed up against Nox's.  "Not much of note," Dorian commented.  "He's the same man Vin stole from.  He's an Atharim benefactor, that much I knew before.  He has been seen with two of our gods."  Dorian smiled, "Thank you, Nox."  Dorian said his name in a way that made him squirm as Dorian placed a soft kiss on his lips.  

Dorian pulled back and nodded, "The game has you questioning."

Nox shook his head and grabed Dorina's hand before he walked away and pulled him against him, "Please don't leave like that.  This isn't easy for me."  Nox leaned in and whispered, "I want this.  Be patient with me."  He pulled away from Dorian and looked him straight in the eye, "D, there is nothing easy about this for me.  The relationship, you being a guy, the fact that I am attracted to you.  None of it's easy."

Dorian smiled, "I wasn't leaving angry.  I understand, but thank you for telling me."  Dorian leaned his forehead against Nox's and put a hand against his cheek, "We will go as slow as you need.  I want this too."  Dorian kissed him softly, "I'm going to go now before I'm missed."

Before Dorian was a step away, Nox caught up and whispered softly, "Your wife wants me to leave you wanton again."  Nox stopped and Dorian had to turn around to see him grinning.  He was half blushing half jaw dropped and Nox had to laugh.  Dorian shook his head and turned around speechless apparently.  Nox grinned and found his way to the restroom before he returned to the ballroom.  His dessert of Turtle Cheesecake and Cruz informed him Sandeman Tawny Port waited him, everyone else was finished, except Aria's wine, which Cruz promptly took from in front of her.

Nox sat down and was surprised to see Mr. Vega up in front of the orchestra again, slowly putting down instruments and arranging things to depart the stage.

**** Vincent ****

Vin was not at all surprised by the food, the most surprising thing so far had been watching Sparkler dance the tango with Dorian's wife.  He had to admit that he would never have guessed the boy could dance.  But nothing should really surprise him about the kid anymore, he was a god afterall.  That was far more shocking than the fact that he could dance.

And considering the look of all the other tables Vin was extremely glad to be seated with the children.  He was a child himself afterall.  Ana had come over and sprung a change of entertainment on them, one to which was probably far more paletable to this table than any other.

After most plates had been cleaned Mr. Vega took the stage again.  "It has been enjoyable.  Not only have we had the pleasure of watching my lovely daughter in law tango with a masterful partner of Mr. Durante, I think we would all agree that the food has surpassed even my highest expectations.  I do not know how we will surpass this evening.  My daughter in law, has insisted upon opening the bar up to the fine wines presented here, and including a few others that have not been presented to you yet.  In addition to of course the champaign we have been offering.  If there are any special requests my lovely daughter in law would love to field them, it is her descretion as to whether requests are granted.  I'm implore you to enjoy yourselves the remainder of the evening."

Cruz finished off both Aria's and Nox's wine before the music started playing.  Christain had started with Nox's last play list suggestion.  The music was upbeat and was distinctly flavored to the roaring 20's, a time that was very far in the past, over a century, yet the beat had nearly every toe tapping.  Nox sat and watched but no one moved.  He grinned at Aria, "Come on, you know this one."

Aria rolled her eyes but stood up and took his hand.  Cruz stood as well, Vin thought he was going to ask Adell to dance instead he walked over to his parents table and asked his mother to dance.  It was probably the sweetest gesture the lad could have done.  His mother was a fine dancer, which someone didn't surprise Vin.  There was nothing that woman wasn't capable of.  Dorian had done well in choosing his wife, even if he didn't partake of all she had to offer, he at least knew how to pick them.

Vin decided to join the foray and asked the little minx that Nox had talked into dancing, but Vin wasn't nearly as charming as Nox, that and he didn't try very hard after she'd shyly shook her head no.  Vin grinned, "Suit yourself ma'dam."  And he gave her a flourished bow before he found a young woman sitting in between a man and a woman who looked like they were in perpetual frowns.  He smiled and in his best french accentd voice asked the young lady, "Might I have this dance?"

She looked up at him with a wide smile and nodded, she looked to her father and he frowned, "Sir, I have only intentions to dance.  My friends are all on the dance floor I'd like to join them, and your daughter looks eager to participate with those her age."

The man rolled his eyes and nodded, she explained, "Oh thank you!  My name Selena."

Vin smiled, "Vincent.  Now I can't do all those fancy things he's out there doing."

She grinned, "That's okay.  Thank you for asking me.  I was hoping he would ask me, but it's still early."

Vin laughed, "I'll be sure to tell him that you desire a dance with him."

Selena blushed, "I'm sure everyone here wants to dance with him."

Vin smiled, "I'm sure you are right."

The first song ended and started another within the same genre of music and Nox switched partners, well they all did, really, Nox took Ana by the hand and they were whirling around the dance floor, Cruz took Selena and Vin got the little song.  Vin laughed, "I hope your expectations aren't high."

Aria smiled at him, "Can you follow the beat?"

Vin nodded, "Yeah sure."

"Then we can do what we do best then."  Vin gave Aria a questioning look, "Spar of course.  Just don't use the sword, it's all footwork."

Vin got it, and he smiled, "On guard!"  At first it was choppy and they were too far apart, Aria closed the distances once Vin had gotten the hang of it.  While they weren't all over the place like Nox and Ana, this was far more fun because he knew exactly what he was doing and so did Aria.  And he wondered what it looked like from the outside.

**** Aria ****

The night wound on, the food was fabulous, but Aria's feet hurt from the standing and dancing in high heels, she even opted out of them after the first few.  With the varying music the dance floor seemed a little more active.  Nox floated around the dance floor with various women.  She even danced with a few strangers but Cruz was far more interested in keeping her attention.  She understood why now, and she didn't mind the attention really.  Lucas would be highly jealous, but this was Dorian's son.  He was no threat to Lucas, anymore than Nox was Aria thought, and yet they still had difficulties.

Nox danced with Ana several more times, as well as Adell and Vin's contribution to the small group that Nox never let leave the floor, Selena was a nice girl, lived a sheltered life, Aria felt sorry for her, and realized that it pretty much how she'd grown up too.  Funny how that ended up being a similiarty when you lived two completely different lives.  Even the rich and powerful could be harsh to their children.

The ball was dying down, really only family was left.  A few tables mingled around with the Vega clan.  Music still thrumming over the noise of the near empy ballroom.  Nox was dancing with Selena one last time, her parents stood just off the dance floor waiting her with frowns.  Nox had pulled her into a twirling dance before she could get anywhere away from them.  He was contributing to her freedom one last time and the frown on the father's face was nearly as impressive as the fury that rose from him and the color on his face.  You either loved Nox or you hated him, there really was no inbetween and he proved it time and time again.

The song ended and the only ones left were Dorian talking in quiet tones to his father and Jörg Gottschalk, Ana was chatting away with her sister and her husband.  Adell was standing not too far away waiting to depart.  A familiar song started playing over the loud speakers and Nox stopped dead and shook his head and looked at Aria.  Aria laughed, "I didn't say anything."

Ana walked over with Christian at her back whispering, "Well don't disappoint us now.  Your mother taught you something."

Nox grinned, "Yes, but I'd rather not."

Aria smiled, "I'll dance it with you?"

Nox looked at her with a questioning look, "You didn't tell me you knew it."

Aria smiled, "I know both parts.  Offense and Defense, you really think I didn't learn it?"

Nox shook his head, "When you put it that way.  Show me the other part I'm not doing the fans in front of people."

Aria laughed and picked up in the middle of the appropriate move and started showing Nox the opposite part. He grinned, "Okay I know that too, should have known."

Nox looked at Christian, "Well start it over since no one else is here."

Christan grinned and pulled out Aria's wallet and pressed the reverse button and the song started again.  

This fan dance was meant to teach the women how to defend themselves if there was ever a need.  The fans were their passive weapons.  Aria knew how to weild the fans as well, but the did without and they went through the forms as though they'd practiced it before hand.  

The dance was elegant as was proper for a chinese porclain doll.  Nox was having a blast, he had the whole night, he radiated happy inside and out and that was very unsual for him to be the same in both places.  Dorian was definitely have an impact and this little bit of fun was helping a lot.  It was good, probably for all of them, the loss of Antoinette had hit them all pretty hard, and now they had something else to think about.

When the dance finished Aria was tired.  She'd been on her feet for nearly two hours, with little interlude.  "I'm going to bed - after I call Lucas."

Nox laughed, "Tell him you danced with Cruz all night.  I want to hear what he says."

Aria shook her head, "I don't think I'll mention names.  You don't want to get in trouble do you?"

Nox grinned, "I suppose not."

Ana walked up to Nox, "Mr. Durante, it has been an extreme pleasure watching you tonight.  I do hope you will come back again under less formal circumstances." Nox grinned at Ana and she turned towards Aria, "We will walk with you, Ms. Aria.  I have enjoyed having another woman in the midst of all these fine men."

Aria smiled.  "An honor to be included."

Aria saw Vin walk with them and Mr and Mrs Vega and his mother were departing as they wound their way up the stairs.

**** Dorian ****

Everyone seemed to have a good time.  Ana joined Nox and Cruz on several occassions, she even dragged Mr. Gottschalk out once.  Dorian wasn't exactly sure why the man gave him the wrong vibe but he did, and he wished the others would have been around more so he could get their sense, but it was not exactly with in his power at the time to be overly friendly with them.  They were almost always on the dance floor to which Dorian enjoyed watching Nox move across the floor like he owned it, and he probably did.  He never once took everything though, he was always a gentleman, the woman were always happily smling as he would take them back to their seats or when they switched partners.

Everyone trickled out and eventually it was just Nox and Dorian in the ball room with the music still playing in the background.  Nox was watching him when Dorian turned to see what he was doing.  He grinned at him and he knew that was not the one he gave everyone, it was almost lazy and shy, and Nox was not shy.  Dorian was hesitant to walk out to Nox, Nox still looked like he wanted to dance and that was not something Dorian wanted to do in the full view of anyone who wanted to watch.  They were alone, but still anyone could walk in.

Nox's grin widened and he walked over to him and Dorian leaned against the table and Nox stood directly in front of him, very close, but not touching.  Dorian had to look up into his brown eyes to see the humor that was playing across his face, "You don't want to dance with me do you?"  Nox asked with a lit of laughter tinging his voice.

Dorian smiled, "Not just with you mind.  I don't dance."

Nox leaned in and whispered in Dorian's ear with a voice as sweet as honey, "Don't give me I don't.  I don't kiss guys, and here I am with you."  Nox kissed his neck to demonastrate his point, he chuckled under his breath as he kissed along Dorian's neck then along his jaw line and finally finishing with a short heated kiss on his lips.  Dorian had to take a deep breathe once it was all done, he hadn't realized he'd been holding it through all of it.  Nox's eyes sparkled with want and something else, fear.  

Dorian knew this was hard for him.  He had told him as much earlier.  Dorian smiled at him and put his hands on Nox's hips and stood up, "For you, anything."

Nox grinned and backed up on to the dance floor until they were both standing in the open area near the edge.  Nox drapped his arms around Dorian's neck and smiled, "I'm sure you can do more, but I'm fine with this."  They only swayed around in a circle.  

Nox leaned against him slightly, unsure, hesitant, he could feel the stiffness in his body, Dorian pulled him closer and wrapped his arms around him whispered, "You don't have to do this."

Nox smiled against his neck and kissed it softly sending chills up Dorian's spine, in a hushed voice, "I want to."  He pulled away from Dorian and looked at him almost pleading, "I want to."  Nox leaned back in and whispered, "Help me."

Dorian smiled and stepped away from Nox and took his hand and started walking, "Someplace a little more private."  Dorian thought what he'd give to feel what Nox was feeling right that moment.  To know for sure how best to help him, but he was sure he could remeber what it was like with his first boyfriend much less his first girlfriend.  It was a while ago, but not so far as he couldn't remember.

They walked in silence up the three flights of stairs to Dorian's rooms.  He opened the door and pulled Nox into the room backing over the floor with the patent leather shoes still on.  Nox grinned and tsked at him but said nothing else.  He was content to be lead.  It was almost unnerving to see the man who played strong and confident even slightly shy and nervous.  But Dorian was more than grateful that Nox was showing him underneath that mask.  The mask that said he wasn't afraid of what it meant for him to be with Dorian.  What this whole thing meant.  A whole brand new experience.

Dorian didn't care what the hang up was that preventing Nox from doing what he wanted, they had plenty of time to find the issue and plenty of time to deal with it.  This wasn't a one night stand.  Dorian closed the bedroom door when Nox finally took the last few steps inside.  He had turned to watch Dorian close the door.  He grinned shyly at him but he closed the distance and Dorian was pressed against the door, not uncomfortably he was surprised, Nox kissed him with eager abandon and Dorian let him.

By the time they broke apart Dorian was breathless and Nox was pressed up against him.  Dorian smiled and whispered against Nox's neck, "We don't have to do more tonight." 

Nox kissed his ear and he could feel the smile forming, "We can do a little more."  Nox's fingers trailed up from his waist and upbutton Dorian's shirt as they went up.  Dorian followed suit, when Nox didn't flinch at his touch he contuned to unbutton his shirt, they never looked down to see what their fingers were doing.  Nox finished the last button and ran his fingers down the opened part of shirt and back up slipping his hands underneath the material and pushing it off over his shoulders.  Dorian let it fall to the floor as Nox's hands ran down his arms.  Nox smiled at him and kissed him softly before he looked down to gaze at Dorian's chest.  His fingers traced the edges of the tattoo like he'd been wanting to do that for a while.  Dorian smiled and tugged at Nox's shirt, he carefully pulled it down and tossed it on to a chair.  

The last time Nox had taken off Dorian's shirt Dorian had presumed a bit too much in his semi-altered state of drunkeness, he would not make that mistake this time.  His hand stayed at Nox's hips carressing the skin just above his waist at his back.  Dorian watched Nox's face as Nox watched his finger play across Dorian's chest.  Nox looked up at him and kissed Dorian with a slow kiss that turned into something much deeper.  Dorian pushed against Nox and Nox took a step back, not breaking the kiss until his legs bumped into the foot of the bed.  Nox sat down and pulled himself back on to the bed until none of his long body would hang off, Dorian crawled up next to him and laid down and kissed him softly.  They readjusted until they were comfortable.  It was all Dorian intended to do, the rest would have to come from Nox.  Dorian whispered between kisses, "This is good enough for tonight."

Nox smiled in agreement, "This is good."  He kissed Dorian and Nox pulled Dorian down on top of him wrapping his long arouns around Dorian's waist.  _It would be a good wait for more with Nox_ was the last thought Dorian permitted himself before he put all his attention towards what Nox felt comfortable with.