**** Nox ****

Nox hadn't remembered falling asleep.  He remembered kissing Dorian and being drowsy from everything that had happened, but falling asleep he had no recollection.   Dorian's arm was drapped over his chest and his partially clothed body was pressed up against Nox's at what had to be an awkward angle.  The morning light seeped through the window, he wondered what time it was.  And why he was still sleeping, it was rare the sun was up before him.  

Nox watched Dorian sleep for a while, a small smile turned on the other man's lips and Nox pressed a kissed lightly too it, "Morning," Nox whispered.

Dorian opened his eyes, "Well, I take it as a good sign you are still in my bed in the morning."

Nox grinned playfully at him, "A first for me."  He leaned over and kissed Dorian, "And hopefully more to come."

Dorian smiled and rolled over on top of Nox pinning him, Nox swallowed as he felt the man's weight on top of him.  It wasn't fear that coursed through his body, aprehension, angst.  He wanted more, his body reacted but Nox was not sure.  Dorian smiled and kissed Nox's neck up his ear and nibbled at his ear, "Easy.  Nothing more, I promise."  Nox relaxed a little, and Dorian smiled against his neck, "If it's too much, tell me."

Nox nodded, his voice failing him as Dorian kissed and nipped at his neck.  Dorian smiled each time he reacted and continued the onslaught.  Dorian pulled up on his elbows and looked down at Nox with a smile that said Dorian was completely enjoying himself, "I love that you react to me.  I know it's hard for you to let go."  Dorian leaned his head against Nox's forehead and smiled, "We'll get there.  There is no rush."

Nox lifted his head and kissed Dorian. There were no words for it.  Unfortunately it left both of them slightly fustrated for all the implied movements, the deeds that did not happen.  Dorian rolled off to the side and sat up and grabbed a towel from the nightstand, "Grab a shower.  We have some work to do."

Nox grinned and sat up and crawled over behind Dorian and wrapped his arms around him, "You are too patient, thank you."  Nox kissed Dorian's neck.  

Dorian gave Nox an appreciative moan and grabbed the towel and tossed it into his face, "Shower, cari単o, or you'll drive me even more crazy."

Nox grinned and sat next to Dorian as he scooted off the bed and stood before him, "What's cari単o mean?"  Nox knew he probably butchered the Spanish, he'd get better.  

Dorian smiled, "Just a term of endearment.  Like honey or darling."

Nox smiled happily, "I can live with that.  Thank you D, for understanding."

Dorian nodded and stood up and playfully shoved Nox in the direction of the bathroom, "Anything for you.  Now. Shower."

Nox laughed, "Alright, alright.  I'm going."  He grinned playfully, "Pushy much?"  Before Dorian could get another word in Nox shut the bathroom door.  Nox's heart was pounding in his chest, his pants were tight and he knew why Dorian wanted him to go away, he needed as much down time as Nox did right that moment.  Cold shower? or...

Nox finally looked at the bathroom and was not overly surprised to see marble tiles and countertops with a double shower with glass doors that weren't those cheeze speckled kinds, full view of everything inside.  Nox sighed, there was alot more than just the intimate parts he was going to have to get used to if he was going to date Dorian... date... such a foreign and childish word.

Nox undressed and got into the shower and turned on the water, it was cold at first and perfect for other issues, but it warmed slowly and Nox grabbed the shampoo bottle and smelled the distinct scent of Dorian in it.  He thought, well why not?

Ten minutes later Nox was toweling off and walking out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist, he looked up from drying his hair and didn't see Dorian, but there was a note on the bed.  Nox grabbed his bag of things before he picked up the note, dropping the bag in it's place.  In Dorian's neat handwriting, "Showering down the hall, use whatever you need. - D"

Nox smiled and folded the letter and put it carefully in the side panel of his bag and got dressed.  As he was dressing he noticed a crumpled up bag folded neatly in the other side pocket.  Nox grabbed it after button his jeans.  Nox couldn't say the name on the bag, but it smelled like the lavender and other things Lillian had said she was refilling.  Nox smiled, but he couldn't read the ingredients, Aria would be able to help he hoped.  He didn't want to have to ask Dorian.  Nox tucked the bag back in the side pocket and grabbed a blue t-shirt and started to pull it over his head as he walked out the door.  Barefoot, Nox padded his way downstairs to find coffee!

**** Dorian ****

It was hard to say who had fallen asleep first but Nox was definitely the first one to wake up.  Dorian was pleasantly surprised he'd not left in the middle of the night.  And he was more than happy to show Nox exactly how happy he was. It wasn't more than the night before only more sudden, but a step in the right direction.  Dorian could wait for Nox to be ready, though he knew he was going to pay for it later, but a shower alone would do them both good.  

Nox finally joked his way into the bathroom and Dorian grabbed a clean towel and clothes, he chose hunting gear over casual home attire, they'd probably be out digging ditches as they say.  And it was far more practical, and wouldn't make Nox too uncomfortable.

When Dorian returned to his bedroom, Nox was already gone, his bag on the bed, and the note missing.  Dorian smiled and wondered where he'd gotten off to.  Dorian went downstairs, the kitchen or the gym would be the most likely place.  He remembered the past few mornings he'd spent in Nox's company, coffee was a prerequisit so kitchen it was.

Dorian found Nox sitting on a kitchen stool sipping at a steaming cop of coffee flirting with the cook and her help.  Dorian leaned in the doorway and cleared his throat, the women jumped, Nox turned casually to look at him with a twinkle in his eye and a grin on his face.  "They were regaling me of tales of Dorian Vega as a boy."

Dorian pushed away from the wall and stood behind Nox and wrapped his hands and leaned agaisnt Nox's back and draped a hand over his shoulder and looked at the cook, "Have they been now?"  It was playful but the women paled and blushed all at the same time.  

Nox laughed at their reactions. "I take it they aren't used to you showing affection to your .... "  

Nox apparently didn't know how to finish the sentence any better than he did, "We will figure that out someday.  Boyfriend just seems so childish."

Nox looked up at him with a playful grin, "And other words that come to mind aren't exactly accurate yet."

Dorian laughed and kissed Nox along his neck, "I beg to differ, those words apply."  Dorian whispered in his ear, "Even if we've not fully accomplished the end result.  You are my lover, Nox.  I have no other."

Nox swallowed hard at Dorian's words and reached around and put his hand behind Dorian's neck and pulled him into kiss.  It was highly awkward angle, but it was far more enjoyable because Nox had initiated in front of women he'd been flirting with prior.  Dorian was taking pride in all the things he was getting from Nox.  Things that even Dorian had trouble with.  There was one thing about being with Nox, he was not shy in public, the face of strength and confidence he could do well, even when he felt shy and nervous.  Dorian was pretty sure he prefered the shy nervous Nox over the loud confident one, at least when it came to their private life, something only he got to see.  That made Dorian proud.

Vin cleared his throat, "Get a room!"

Nox laughed agaisnt Dorian's lips and Dorian pulled away.  Nox grinned, "We just left our room for coffee!"

Nox pulled the second cup on the table up and handed it to Dorian, someone had poured it while they were kissing.  The women were off doing their own thing now, but their red ears gave away just how uncomfortable they had been watching them.

Aria padded into the room carrying a banana and nibbling at it she smiled as she saw Dorian with his arm wrapped around Nox.  She didn't say anything as she walked past them into the dinning room, "Food out here."

Nox turned to look and stood up and pressed himself agaisnt Dorian with a grin, "I'm hungry."

Dorian blushed, the way he said it, the look in his eyes said so much more than Nox's words, and Nox knew it.  Dorian leaned in to whisper, "You want to kill me don't you?"

Nox kissed Dorian's neck, "No, but I don't want you to stop trying either, cari単o"  Nox pulled away and kissed Dorian softly on the lips before he hookd his arm in Dorian's and they walked into the dinning room together, as a couple.

**** Vincent ****

There were two things that were certain upon waking up in the Vega house, one Vin loved the bed he'd gotten, and two, Dorian and Nox had definitely moved whatever they were doing up a notch if the display in the kitchen was anything to guage it by.  But they were happy and as soon as their day picked up he was certain it would go back to business as usual.

And it pretty much had the moment the four of them were in the small dining room off the kitchen.  Vin assumed it was what the family used for more intimate gatherings as he'd seen a far grander room for dining on his morning wanderings.  The table was laid out with all manner of food.  All healthy from the looks of it.  Ana must in charge of menus, he laughed to himself.  Not an ounce of fat on that woman, and all gone to waste.  Though from the look that Christian gave her as he escorted her to the room it wasn't wasted on him.  It wasn't that the man worked for her, it was that it seemed so normal that bothered Vin.  

Dorian and Nox were sitting next to each other trading stories about monsters, little song was listening while she ate the banana and picked at some granola in a bowl she had in front of her.  Cruz was downing what looked like a crepe filled with cheese and topped with fruit.  There was such a wide varitey of food on the table Vin had absolutely no idea where to start.

Nox looked at him and must have seen the confusion on his face, he grinned and pointed down at what was on his plate, it was the same thing Cruz was eating, and if the American boy liked it, chances are it was actually pretty tasty, American's were known for their obnoxious taste in breakfast foods.  Bacon was all well and good, but by god a whole mean of nothing but bacon!  It wasn't that good.

Vin tried it, and was happily surprised, nice and light, good start he thought to himself.

Dorian picked up Aria's wallet that was neatly placed on the table by Christian, "Sorry didn't get that to you last night."

Aria smiled, "That's okay I just used the house phone to call Lucas last night."

Dorian looked over at her with a grin, "I suppose with all the borrowing of your wallet since we've met that is payment enough."

Aria smiled, "We only talked a few moments.  I was rather more tired than I thought I was."

Dorian nodded, "Down to business."  Dorian deftly waded into what was now becoming a habit.  "Cruz, Ana, Christian too, this is all something between us, you can stay and listen and watch but please don't tell my father any of this.  Cruz, it'll be a good idea for you to understand what we do, so you can avoid such pitfalls yourself.  I'm sure Nox will help you, but we need to keep you both safe."

Ana looked to Dorian with a frown, "Safe from what?"

Vin laughed, "Mommy dearest doesn't know her son is a god!"

Cruz chose that moment to pull out a ball of light that floated just above his head.  "Apparently, my being sick was not actually the flu."

Dorian sighed, "Well.  Nox care to explain?"

Nox looked at him with a grin.  "D, you are going to regret Sparkler's version of things."

Dorian laughed, "Maybe so, but he's the only expert we got."

Nox smiled lazily at Dorian, Expert was saying it mildly, he was a god himself.  Nox finished his mouthful and took a swallow of water before he started.  "The sickness as you know it is a byproduct of an ability that if unknowningly used can kill you.  Cruz and I were walking up stairs, I back into a table and nearly sent a parisan vase to the floor."

Crus interrupted, "Wait you know WHAT it was?"

Nox laughed, "I'm not a complete idiot, I did get a good look at the bottom as I snatched it from your weave."  He grinned at Cruz, "The vase didn't crash to the floor, Cruz wove a net of air that caught it, tipping me off to what he was.  What I am."  He looked to Ana and Christian who were really the only ones who didn't know what the story was.  "I asked Cruz a few questions and confirmed he'd done it before and I didn't know how long he had.  So I taught him what I could so he'd survive the sickness.  It beats having to struggle to do it.  He shouldn't have issues like I did with being unable to control it, he learned, didn't actually fight his way through it like I did.  That was when D walked in, I wanted to reveal my secret first, was planning on it anyway, but it was more necessary after I found out Cruz was like me.  D's policy, the Atharim policy is to kill people like us.  I wanted to spare D that dilemma.  Now Cruz needs to be careful, showing the wrong person could seriously be bad."

Dorian nodded, "Cruz, it'll be in your best interest to learn from Nox.  And Nox is based in Moscow."

Ana nodded, "Cruz can transfer to MU with ease.  I will make sure your father is okay with the transition.  MU is good and it'll give you all a chance to be something of a family since I assume, Dorian you'll be calling Moscow home?"

Dorian nodded, "More than likely, Martin wants me around for hunting gods, and that's where Nox is."  He blushed slightly and Nox poked his friend in the side playfully.  

Vin laughed, "You two really need to get a room."

Nox threw a grape at him from his plate.  If Vin had been prepared he'd have caught it, instead it beamed him in the check. "Sparkler, I'll turn you over my knee."

Nox laughed, "I'd like to see you try."

Vin stood up and Nox just grinned at him.  Dorian laughed, "Okay boys, I'll separate you if I have to."

Nox grinned at Dorian and threw a grape at him too, Dorian gave Nox a look that Vin had to turn away from or witness more than he had intended too.  Vin turned to see Nox stand up toe to toe with Dorian and whispered, "Bring it!"  

It was Cruz this time who yelled at them, "Get a room!"

Dorian smiled and Nox blushed and sat back down.  Whatever had transpired without spoke word had made Nox quiet.  So very unSparkler like.  

Dorian continued on with the meeting when everyone was back to sitting.

**** Aria ****

Sometimes Aria wondered if it was a function of Nox being around that all men became fools, or if that was just a default a bunch of them fell into when they were together.  But it was rather interesting to see Dorian make Nox back down, she could feel the emotions from both of them, something to do with their affair as it were, she was sure because while Nox didn't show it on the outside, he was very much wanting whatever it was Dorian was promising in that look.   Seeing Nox like that was something to behold, he never backed down.

Dorian started right back into things.  He pulled up the facility in question, the one his father claimed was having issues and just so happened to be the place where one of their gods worked.  Nox started flipping things on and off and taping away at the wallet's screen and he soon had live security feeds up and running.  Dorian looked at Nox, "You just hacked our system?"

Nox grinned, "I didn't, Aurora's software did.  I just told it what to do."

Dorian shook his head, "And I suppose that there is not much I can do about that?"

Nox grinned, "You can tell your security team about it.  So other's don't do it.  I'll even give you a copy of the software, geared specifically to Jivana's servers.  It's something Aurora used to do for companies we worked for back home."

Dorian was still dumbfounded, but he continued on, "Okay, can we go back to when my father says they've seen some issues."

Nox nodded, "Yeah.  Type the timestamp in and it should find it for you."

Dorian did that and sure enough they had a running feed for the security cameras.  The last blip of power was four days ago.  They clearly recongized two of the people caught on camera, Vin and Nox laughed, "That's fireball girl."  Indicating that a third party was identified and now a pile of ash at some middle of the nowhere camp site.

Nox captured a decent picture of the fourth character on screen and started a search.  They'd soon know who that man was.  Only one of these was a god on their hit lits.  But if they were working with Frida, then chances are they would be all godlings, and pretty dangerous ones.

They all ate a bit more breakfast before the search finally dinged it was complete.  Nox swiped up the information and now they had a name.  Vin asked, "Who of us is going to make this stupid report and put in all this valid info.  I vote Sparkler gets to do it."

Nox looked at Vin with a look that said there was no way in hell he was doing it.  Dorian put his hand on Nox's shoulder, "I got it Vin.  I'm pretty sure techno boy here doesn't actually write his own reports either."

Nox held a finger to his lips and "Shhhhhh!" came out of his mouth as he glanced over at Aria.  She wrote his reports too, not that it was a problem, he typically dictated he hated doing it and if she didn't make him do it then it never got done, there was just some training that boy was never going to do.  Dorian laughed and kissed Nox's neck, "We'll work on that."

Nox pouted, it was cute when he pouted, he so rarely did so.  And to see him so different was fun.  He realy was different with Dorian.  A good different.

Dorian smiled, "So I guess tonight we all go hunting.  This time though, we have our own secret weapon.  Maybe you can show us some of what to expect."

Nox grinned, "Gladly, got someplace a little more private than say your back yard that you won't mind getting a few singe marks on?  Be good for Cruz too."

Dorian nodded, "I think the gym downstairs will do you good, the fighting mat typically has enough space and no one really uses the mat anymore since I have one upstairs in my rooms."

Nox nodded, "Cool!  I have to go get something from my gear, and your little fire starting liquid bring that too."

Dorian laughed, "It's upstairs in my rooms with the rest of my gear, you can get it when you get yours."

Nox grinned, "Okay."  Aria was pretty sure Nox liked the idea of permission to rummage through Dorian's things, not for snooping purposes but to see what fun toys he could find. 

Aria told Dorian as much.  "You sure you want him doing that D?  He'll find every one of your toys and he'll have to try them out."

Dorian laughed, "He's more than welcome to all the little toys up there.  Every. Last. One."

Nox looked at Dorian and swallowed hard, there was so many unspoken things in the tone of Dorian's voice, he was paying Nox back for all the games he'd been playing.  Nox didn't blush to his credit but he also didn't move from his seat and he couldn't hide what he was feeling from Aria, and Doian seemed to know exactly the effect his words had on Nox.  Dorian laughed and kissed Nox on top of the head, "We'll meet you downstairs, cari単o."

Everyone got up to leave as Nox bounded up the nearby stairs two at a time, Ana caught Aria's hand and pulled her into a corner.  "Are you okay with them?  Such a tiny thing I worry about you."

Aria smiled, "Thanks, Ana, but the only one who can really hurt me is Nox.  And that's rather the point."  

Ana blushed as she spoke, "You can feel what others feel?"  Aria nodded and waited for Ana to continue, "Is Dorian happy with Nox?"

Aria smiled, "They both are for what it's worth.  And just so you know, Christian feels the same as you.  Everyone's happy."

Ana smiled, "And Cruz? Is he okay with it all?"

Aria laughed, "I think he's more okay with everything then the lot of you adults.  He likes Nox, as friend should, he looks up to him.  Which is good and bad.  And he feels Christian is family, Dorian too.  So everyone's okay with your arrangment which is what I think you are asking.

Ana nodded, "I just wanted to know for sure.  I do love Dorian.  Always have, and he loves me, it just wasn't that kinda love.  But I think I want to marry Christian."

Aria smiled, "So tell Dorian.  I'm pretty sure he'll understand."

Ana smiled, "You are a great help.  I wish I'd know about you sooner."

Aria laughed, "Timing is everything."

Ana hugged Aria which took her aback, "Be safe out there with them.  I'd hate for you not to see your Lucas again."

Aria smiled, "Thanks.  I'll take care of Dorian and Nox for ya, kinda don't want them hurt either."

**** Nox ****

Nox took the steps two at a time, it wasn't everyday you are asked, literally asked, to show off.  Though he was nervous, the power only slipped from his grasp once while he was on his way up the stairs.  He was surprised that he still lost the power with nerves, it wasn't like he hadn't done this a billion times.  It was nothing new, but there were butterflies in his stomach none-the-less.  Nox opened the door to Dorian's room and he could smell the potpurri that Lillian had left, masking a scent he was becoming keening attuned to, the butterflies in his stomach took that moment to roll and Nox sighed.  

Why the hell was a guy making him feel this way?  His mother told him once upon a time, the heart chooses what the heart wants, it doesn't matter the form in which it comes.  She had been speaking of her love for his father.  How it was unexpected to fall in love with the rough and tumble man that his father had been.  Bryan was a man living on his own, doing what he wanted, when he wanted with little more care in the world than for his next hunt, or the next beer.  Bryan Durante was a hunter, and when he met his mother, Nox knew that had changed him.  The living on the edge stopped, the world revolved not only around the hunt or next beer, but around his growing family.  Family had been his life, he still hunted, he still hunted alot, took him and Aurora out.  It had been the life he'd grown up in.  Now Nox was falling for a guy, or all things, and apparently he was falling hard.

And it really didn't help that he held the power as he walked into Dorian's room.  Everything in there smelled like the other man.  Nox heart raced and he moved quickly to leave before things got out of hand.  His weapons bag was sitting next to a few in the corner, Nox found his sling of vials and started  looking through the bag Dorian had brought with him intot he tunnels.  Nox grinned as he found the liquid he was looking for.  He was going to have to play with it and see what it did, it looked like a lot of fun.  Nox almost went through more of Dorian's equipment for any toys but it had brought memories of what Dorian had told him, and this time he was sure that the blush he'd fought earlier crept to his cheeks as he hurried out and downstairs to the basement.  

Nox walked down the stairs and heard a lot of voices.  It was just echos, but it was more than just the hunters and Cruz down there.  Even Ana and Christian were downstairs.  Nox felt slighly like a carvival freak on his first showing.  It was one thing to show Vin and Dorian, and teach Cruz, but to people he barely knew.  Dorian looked at him with a frown.  Nox smiled to reassure him.  

Dorian mouthed, "Are you sure?"

Nox nodded, there was nothing to be afraid of, no one here was going to go running to the Atharim, there's a god in my house.  Though it would be rather funny to see.

Nox put the sling over his head and Vin gave him a what the hell is that for look.  Nox had to grin, "You'll see."

Nox took center stage, all the nerves about preforming vacated the moment he stepped on to the mat, this is what he was born to do.  There were still butterflies floatting around, and they grew stronger every time he glanced Dorian's way, but that he could deal with, it had nothing to do with what he was about to do.

"Cruz, come stand behind me so you can see what I do, how I do it."  Nox instructed.  He grinned back at him, "I'm sure your dad doesn't want you learning most of what I know, but in order to show you things you need to know I have to show you those too.  So watch.  Unless I tell to try something, please mind that you don't actually do it.  It'll save you the burns and the headaches alright?"  Cruz nodded.

Nox spoke to know one inparticular as he wove a wall of air in front of him.  "While not overly good at keeping away bullets or other thigns it is a good deterent."  Nox tied off the fire wall.   "You need to learn to tie off your weaves so you can do more than one.  It's simple, and the knot determins how long it will stand.  You can use it like a detonation, or a release hatch."

Nox wove a blade of spirit, "This you may learn and actually I suggest you master it.  While it is useless against monsters,"  Nox grinned at the hunters sitting on the couch near by.  Dorian stood next to Cruz, he could feel his eyes on his back and grinned.  "it is great against gods."

Nox swung the blade through the wall of fire and it dissapaited with a fizzle and a pop.  "Cutting the weaves of another person, be they woman or man, is very useful, it can be disorienting.  But be warry by using the weave, you also so someone how to do it, and if they are quick they can use it against you."

Nox frowned, "I need to practice it more, I only just learned it myself."

Nox went through the motions of every weave he knew, ending with the one he used the most.  "This is my go to weapon of choice."  The whip of fire and air appeared coiled at his hand and with a particed motion it unfurled to it's full length with a loud crack and pop as he pulled it back the other direction missing Dorian by an inch.  Dorian stared at him like he was unafraid, and where a threat should have been Nox didn't see it, he saw admiration.  And he wasn't exactly sure if it was for what he was doing or something completely more on a personal level.  Maybe a bit of both.  Nox smiled at Dorian.

As they just looked at each other Vin asked, "What's with the sling and weird ammo shells?"

Nox grinned and turned towards Vin.  "This is what I use more traditionally.  I use these to assist me so I don't drain my power reserves while fighting.  In short burst I can weave the whole thing, but in long fights not so much."

Nox brought out the vial of toothpicks with a grin, "Ordianry toothpicks, hurled at a velocity higher than I can throw naturally are deadly."  Nox whipped them with air across the room and the three toothpicks stuck in the wall near to the end of their length.  

Vin got up and examined it, "What else is in those vials?"

Nox smiled, "Pebbles, metal shards, toothpicks, talcum powder, glass dust, pitch, and napalm mostly.  I want to add some of D's little concocation.  But I have to test it first."

Dorian laughed, "Test it?  how?"

Nox grinned and Aria stood up, "I'm going up stairs now if he's going to experiment, the last one he did he's still not perfected and the floor has never recovered properly."

Ana and Christan went up with Aria, the three chatting.  Dorian, Vin and Cruz stayed to watch.  Nox laughed, "Okay then."

Nox wove a bowl of air and tired it off and poure a capful of liquid into the bowl.  Dorian asked, "Measuring?"

Nox nodded, "Need to know how much burns for how long, and how well.  I can manipulate the pitch and napalm weaves to ignite it, I just need to know the right stats."

Nox started humming to himself, it was a little ditty his mother had taught him to keep time without a watch.  He used it often.   At the start of the song Nox started the ingintion series and lit the liquid on fire.  It burnt out quickly, too quickly.  Nox looked at Dorian, "It's just an accelerant.  It required something to burn with it?"

Dorian shrugged, "I'm not the pyromaniac.  I just dump it on stuff to burn it to unidentifiable ashes."

Nox laughed, "No ones ever called me a pyromaniac before, you say the sweetest things."  He grinned playfully at Dorian, and Vin groaned.

The pitch would be too thick to mix with this, but the napalm might work.  Nox took a toothpick and a capful of napalm mixed with a capful of Dorian's liquid and missed the two together and started his timer over again.

The mixture didn't burn any longer, it only burned hotter.  Interesting.  "The liquid is good at disposal and not much else.  But useful none the less." Nox grinned and turned to Dorian, "It only makes it burn hotter and probably brighter, so it complete disintigrates a body, I can be useful, I'll have to play more with it."

Nox stood up, "Show and tell is over.  Any questions."

Vin laughed, "No but I'm hungry again."  He went upstairs and Cruz followed him, "I have enough to think on I think."

Dorian stood there looking at Nox with a smile, "You amaze me Sparkler.  You looked scared when you came down here, but you turned it around and showed up with calm certaintiy that you know what you are doing.  I never for a moment feared you'd hit me."

Nox smiled and closed the distance between him, "I wouldn't do that."  Nox ran a finger gently down Dorian's cheek near wear the whip had snapped, "Never."

Dorian smiled, "I'm getting the feeling that you are far more dangerous than you let on. And I don't necessarily mean your skills you've displayed."

Nox grinned, "How so?"

Dorian put his hand on Nox's hips and pulled him close, "You not only have a charming personality, always center attention type personality, you know how to weild it and get results.  You teach well, even though I can't see what you are doing, I never felt like you were talking down to me.  You've done it before when you were showing me the wallet and the land warriors.  Borovsky is wrong to underestimate you.  You too, you underestimate yourself Nox."

Nox blushed and would have tried to hid but Dorian held him firm with his hands on his hips against his body.  "I'm nothing special.  I do what I do because I enjoy it."

Dorian smiled and leaned in, "That's what makes you so dangerous, this is what you do."  He kissed Nox and with the power still firmly in his grasp Nox's reaction was amplified, he felt the electricity of his lips touching Dorian's, the heat, the wetness, everything made his body react.  Dorian pulled away and Nox was left breathless and wanting.  Dorian grinned, "Not the reaction I was expecting from just that, but I'll take it."

Nox grinned through breathes and put a finger to Dorian's lips before he could kiss him again, "When I hold the power, every sense is enhanced.  I walked into your bedroom and even though you weren't in there I could smell nothing but you, even with the fresh potpourri Lillian laid out.  You kissed me and every nerve in my body responded.  You do that again, and there will be nothing left."  He grinned.  "And that would be a first for me."

Dorian laughed, "I will have to remember that."  He grinned playfully, "Let go of the power I'd like to kiss you again."

Nox smiled and obeyed and kissed Dorian with every ounce of his being, everything he'd remembered feeling moments before he let Dorian know how much he wanted him.  They were both breathless by the time the kiss ended and Dorian smiled, "You are coming around."

Nox laughed, "I could kiss you all day, that will never be a problem D.  Other things..."  His voice trailed off and Dorian kissed his neck.  

"Those things will come."  He wrapped his arm around Nox and pulled Nox up stairs, "Let's go find food, and then we'll go see about hunting us some gods."